# Thanks For Your Order, Jason- Exported: 2026-01-04 18:17:09- Messages: 1---## 2025-12-29 13:44:54 — Express Scripts Pharmacy <express-scripts-pharmacy@orders.express-scripts.com>**Subject:** Thanks For Your Order, Jason> ￼> ￼> Hi Jason, thank you for your order! > ￼> We're working on your order. We'll send another email when it ships.> Please contact us to make changes. Log in to review or cancel your order. >  > Your Order Summary > ￼> Shipping & Payment> Shipping Details> Your delivery preference is standard at no cost to you. > Payment Information> Visa ending in 2389>  > ￼> Order for > Jason> LISDEXAMFETAMINE CAPS 40MG> Prescription #: 253633519965> Invoice #: 08245103465>  > LISDEXAMFETAMINE CAPS 40MG> Prescription #: 253633520065> Invoice #: 08245103465>  > LISDEXAMFETAMINE CAPS 40MG> Prescription #: 253633520365> Invoice #: 08245103465>  >  > Our mobile app has you covered.> Download our mobile app to place and check orders, manage refills, and receive order and refill notifications on-the-go.> ￼ ￼> ￼>  >  > Access Your Prescription Information Quickly & Easily Log in at aka.ms/benefits.   Questions?  Please use the Feedback tool on the Microsoft Benefits website or call 1.800.676.1411.  Please note: Due to public health privacy laws, some prescription information for covered dependents 13 years old and above will not be available to you online. If you need to order or check prescription status for a specific medication not listed online, you may do so by entering the specific prescription number on the homepage or order history page of the website.>  > Pharmacy Care 24/7> Our specially trained pharmacists and customer care teams are here for you when you need us.> Contact Us >  >  > Follow Us> News, stories, health tips and more > ￼ > ￼ > ￼ > ￼ >  > Please do not reply to this message.  We sent it from an account that can't receive email.> Update my email address    |     Change my contact preferences> We don't discriminate based on race, color, national origin, sex,  gender identity, age, or disability. > We comply with all applicable federal civil rights laws.  This includes your right to get free information and help in your language.> 繁體中文     |     Español     |     More > © 2025 Express Scripts. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Express Scripts, One Express Way, St. Louis, MO 63121 > > ---