# Re: Azure VoC for MSFT testing- Exported: 2026-01-04 17:24:43- Messages: 2---## 2025-12-11 09:00:38 — Ray Coetzee <ray.coetzee@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Azure VoC for MSFT testing> hey Karl> > As discussed on Slack, we have a physical POC system in msft's lab in Redmond that they are busy testing with. Their lab at the moment does not have GPU nodes available so they have raised the request for a Azure VoC instance to do some performance testing to Azure GPU instances.> > @Lior Genzel @Jason Vallery please chime in here on how we should approach this. Should we entertain this at all?> > @Karl Vietmeier  what is the performance profile we expect of the Azure VoC?> > Regards> > > ￼> RAY COETZEE | FIELD TECHNICAL DIRECTOR, UK> ray.coetzee@vastdata.com | +44 759 704 7060 | IN/HTTPS://WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/RAY-COETZEE-A566AB7/> WWW.VASTDATA.COM> > ---## 2025-12-11 09:13:23 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: Azure VoC for MSFT testing> Ray,> Can you please suggest a follow up call with the team who made the request? > The answer will be NO. But let me communicate it my way. We shipped a physical PoC to show them everything which is good about VAST. VAST Azure isn't close to being ready to be used here.> > Karl,> You're optional on the follow-up call with Azure on this topic as I plan to block it.> > Thank you,> Lior> > On Thu, Dec 11, 2025 at 8:00 AM Ray Coetzee <ray.coetzee@vastdata.com> wrote:> hey Karl> > As discussed on Slack, we have a physical POC system in msft's lab in Redmond that they are busy testing with. Their lab at the moment does not have GPU nodes available so they have raised the request for a Azure VoC instance to do some performance testing to Azure GPU instances.> > @Lior Genzel @Jason Vallery please chime in here on how we should approach this. Should we entertain this at all?> > @Karl Vietmeier  what is the performance profile we expect of the Azure VoC?> > Regards> > > ￼> RAY COETZEE | FIELD TECHNICAL DIRECTOR, UK> ray.coetzee@vastdata.com | +44 759 704 7060 | IN/HTTPS://WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/RAY-COETZEE-A566AB7/> WWW.VASTDATA.COM> > ---