# RE: [EXTERNAL] VAST/Microsoft: Ignite follow up- Exported: 2026-01-05 17:29:56- Messages: 2---## 2025-12-11 17:39:08 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: [EXTERNAL] VAST/Microsoft: Ignite follow up> Adding @Jason Vallery. Our VP PM for cloud.> Can I suggest a quick intro call between you guys to enable the technical collaboration?> > Lior> > On Thu, Dec 11, 2025 at 4:33 PM Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> wrote:> No problem.  Do share the documents on architecture that we discussed in SF and I can prep myself offline as possible.>  > Thanks,> Sushant Rewaskar>  > From: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>  Sent: Thursday, December 11, 2025 3:21 PM To: Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] VAST/Microsoft: Ignite follow up>  > Hi,> Next time around. I am sorry that it didn't work out.> We will talk soon.>  > Lior>  > On Wed, Dec 10, 2025 at 1:57 PM Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> wrote:> Thanks, will keep my slot available till I hear from you and of course we can meet later as well.  >  > Thanks,> Sushant Rewaskar>  > From: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>  Sent: Wednesday, December 10, 2025 12:26 PM To: Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] VAST/Microsoft: Ignite follow up>  > Hi Sushant,>  > Thank you for your quick reply.>  > Unfortunately, the suggested time today will not work for us. We are currently checking our availability for tomorrow, as we have pre-scheduled meetings in Seattle and an afternoon flight back to the Bay Area.>  > If we are unable to meet in person, I will set up a follow-up meeting over Microsoft Teams with our VP of Product Management for Cloud.>  > I will update you as soon as I have a confirmed schedule for tomorrow.>  > Best regards,> Lior>  > On Wed, Dec 10, 2025 at 11:04 AM Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> wrote:> Sorry missed this email. I can meet today (1:30-3:30) or Thursday (10-11AM )>  > Thanks,> Sushant Rewaskar>  > From: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>  Sent: Monday, December 8, 2025 12:10 PM To: Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> Subject: [EXTERNAL] VAST/Microsoft: Ignite follow up>  > > You don't often get email from lior.genzel@vastdata.com. Learn why this is important > > Sushant,> Happy Monday.> I am sorry for the delayed follow-up on my side. > I am in town this week with our VP of PM for cloud. We're at Microsoft for meetings today, tomorrow & Wednesday. Possibly Thursday AM. > Would you like to set a meeting to discuss technology and connect with our PM?>  > Thank you and have an amazing week ahead,> Lior> 408 888 2102>  >  > On Thu, Nov 20, 2025 at 9:43 AM Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> wrote:> @lior.genzel> It was nice meeting you yesterday and looking forward to the design options so we can review and support them in the best way possible.>  > Thanks,> Sushant Rewaskar>  > From: Igal Figlin <igalf@microsoft.com>  Sent: Wednesday, November 19, 2025 8:38 PM To: Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com>; lior.genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> Subject: Making a connection - vastdata>  >  >  > Thanks,> Igal> ---## 2025-12-11 22:00:36 — Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com>**Subject:** RE: [EXTERNAL] VAST/Microsoft: Ignite follow up> Hi @jason.vallery, nice to meet you. Please suggest your preferred times and we can meet-up. >  > Thanks,> Sushant Rewaskar>  > From: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>  Sent: Thursday, December 11, 2025 4:39 PM To: Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com>; jason.vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] VAST/Microsoft: Ignite follow up>  > Adding @Jason Vallery. Our VP PM for cloud.> Can I suggest a quick intro call between you guys to enable the technical collaboration?>  > Lior>  > On Thu, Dec 11, 2025 at 4:33 PM Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> wrote:> No problem.  Do share the documents on architecture that we discussed in SF and I can prep myself offline as possible.>  > Thanks,> Sushant Rewaskar>  > From: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>  Sent: Thursday, December 11, 2025 3:21 PM To: Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] VAST/Microsoft: Ignite follow up>  > Hi,> Next time around. I am sorry that it didn't work out.> We will talk soon.>  > Lior>  > On Wed, Dec 10, 2025 at 1:57 PM Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> wrote:> Thanks, will keep my slot available till I hear from you and of course we can meet later as well.  >  > Thanks,> Sushant Rewaskar>  > From: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>  Sent: Wednesday, December 10, 2025 12:26 PM To: Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] VAST/Microsoft: Ignite follow up>  > Hi Sushant,>  > Thank you for your quick reply.>  > Unfortunately, the suggested time today will not work for us. We are currently checking our availability for tomorrow, as we have pre-scheduled meetings in Seattle and an afternoon flight back to the Bay Area.>  > If we are unable to meet in person, I will set up a follow-up meeting over Microsoft Teams with our VP of Product Management for Cloud.>  > I will update you as soon as I have a confirmed schedule for tomorrow.>  > Best regards,> Lior>  > On Wed, Dec 10, 2025 at 11:04 AM Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> wrote:> Sorry missed this email. I can meet today (1:30-3:30) or Thursday (10-11AM )>  > Thanks,> Sushant Rewaskar>  > From: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>  Sent: Monday, December 8, 2025 12:10 PM To: Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> Subject: [EXTERNAL] VAST/Microsoft: Ignite follow up>  > > You don't often get email from lior.genzel@vastdata.com. Learn why this is important > > Sushant,> Happy Monday.> I am sorry for the delayed follow-up on my side. > I am in town this week with our VP of PM for cloud. We're at Microsoft for meetings today, tomorrow & Wednesday. Possibly Thursday AM. > Would you like to set a meeting to discuss technology and connect with our PM?>  > Thank you and have an amazing week ahead,> Lior> 408 888 2102>  >  > On Thu, Nov 20, 2025 at 9:43 AM Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com> wrote:> @lior.genzel> It was nice meeting you yesterday and looking forward to the design options so we can review and support them in the best way possible.>  > Thanks,> Sushant Rewaskar>  > From: Igal Figlin <igalf@microsoft.com>  Sent: Wednesday, November 19, 2025 8:38 PM To: Sushant Rewaskar <sushantr@microsoft.com>; lior.genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> Subject: Making a connection - vastdata>  >  >  > Thanks,> Igal> ---