# Re: MAI & VAST: December 8th EoD update- Exported: 2026-01-04 18:17:01- Messages: 1---## 2025-12-21 07:52:42 — Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: MAI & VAST: December 8th EoD update> Is the expectation that they’d use our supply chain for any of this?> I want to be crystal clear… we’re quickly selling out of everything as fast as we can - lead times are skyrocketing.> > I’m to the point where I don’t care much about any of the internal politics.> If they want to deploy in April, May, June, etc. we need to have a plan now - and there’s nothing reserved for Microsoft.> > We will talk tomorrow, but this is serious.> > > From: Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>> Date: Friday, December 12, 2025 at 12:18 PM> To: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>> Cc: Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com>, Renen Hallak <renen@vastdata.com>, Alon Horev <alon@vastdata.com>, Shachar Fienblit <shachar@vastdata.com>, Avery Pham <avery@vastdata.com>, Jonsi Stefansson <jonsi@vastdata.com>, Rick Scurfield <rick.scurfield@vastdata.com>> Subject: Re: MAI & VAST: December 8th EoD update> > I heard from several Azure folks two consistent points:> > 1) The final decision is Mustafa's> 2) Kushal can't be trusted.> > In our face-to-face with Kushal he continues to say that he will be the one to influence Mustafa's decision and that VAST is the preferred solution. I do worry though that he isn't being honest with us and he is playing us. We need to ensure we're getting alignment with other MAI stakeholders where we do not have current relationships. > > The key people we need to establish communication with and build trust:> - Majid Mohammed (Mustafa chief of staff - https://www.linkedin.com/in/majidmohamed/)> - Yunchao Gong - (Kushal's boss - https://www.linkedin.com/in/yunchao-gong-150a32a/)> - Karén Simonyan (Yunchao's boss, "chief scientist", direct report of Mustafa - https://www.linkedin.com/in/kar%C3%A9n-simonyan-3aba65231/)> > I do not have any current relationship with any of these folks.@Lior is going to take the lead on getting intros.> > -JV  > > On Fri, Dec 12, 2025 at 10:15 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Jeff,> > Regarding the path forward, there is no waiting time in the current plan; we are positioned to accelerate the process.> > Anson (Qi) just called to request moving his VAST PoC into either the MAI/Vipin environment or other Nscale(?)/CoreWeave(?) clusters. While they currently have our cluster in their labs, they lack the necessary 1,000–2,000 GPU to conduct performance scale testing.> > We should prioritize identifying the most strategic environment for Anson's PoC to ensure validation and continued momentum.> I have messaged @Alon Horev to strategize on our options. > > This will be a golden opportunity to mesh Kushal (MAI) and Qi's PoC plans into one.> > I will share a detailed summary of where we stand when the day ends,> > Lior> > On Fri, Dec 12, 2025 at 8:37 AM Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com> wrote:> Most important is the direction that you can provide to start putting everyone else into action. I don’t like the idea of waiting multiple months. > > They have a disastrous configuration at Nscale that we should be capitalizing on. I don’t know what the situation is at CoreWeave… Is it the same or worse? I don’t know.> > Supply chain is a complete disaster for the whole upcoming year. Do we know how to source their 2 EB?  Do we know when this needs to be ordered and who we are going to order it from?> > Too many open questions from my side> > >  I wanna see us working all the angles and moving this forward quickly.> > Jeff Denworth> VAST Data> 856-383-8849> > > On Fri, Dec 12, 2025 at 11:26 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi Jeff,> > I will send an EoD/EoW summary later today, incorporating Jason’s feedback.> > Lior> > On Fri, Dec 12, 2025 at 8:14 AM Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com> wrote:> A lot has changed in a week. > Sagar just took the Nscale job. > > Can we get a summary of where things stand at the end of this week?  Also, if they are really buying 100EB, I’d like to put together some analysis of the working capital and opportunity cost for us vs them. > > Jason, please DM me your most recent analysis. > > Thx,> Jeff> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 8:56 PM Renen Hallak <renen@vastdata.com> wrote:> Isn't Alon in Seattle this week?> > Renen> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 1:19 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> We're about to meet with Sagar in 12 minutes to learn more about the internal politics. > Post Sagar I will reach out again to Kushal, who is very friendly, to strategize the path forward. > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:43 AM Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com> wrote:> I don’t think time is on our side, supply-chain wise> We need to get into position to transact this whole deal as soon as possible.> > What is our (internal-only, for now) perspective here?> Did we learn anything from MAI about this??> > > From: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>> Date: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 at 4:31 PM> To: Renen Hallak <renen@vastdata.com>, Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com>, Alon Horev <alon@vastdata.com>, Shachar Fienblit <shachar@vastdata.com>> Cc: Avery Pham <avery@vastdata.com>, Jonsi Stefansson <jonsi@vastdata.com>, Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>, Rick Scurfield <rick.scurfield@vastdata.com>> Subject: MAI & VAST: December 8th EoD update> > All, Good morning.> A quick EoD report on yesterday's meetings.> Project timeline:> January is no longer a hard date. Kushal shared that their initial GPU drop will arrive in February, and they will need a solution ready for the May/June timeframe.> Decision process:> Kushal made it clear that MAI will decide on the storage deployment. He also made it clear to Manish that Azure Blob, compared to VAST, doesn’t make sense for their requirements.> Competition:> Vamshi, who leads the Azure Blob product, made a strong effort to communicate that Microsoft’s decision on the path forward is an internal one. He was transparent and shared his frustration with our aggressive approach in highlighting Azure Blob’s deficiencies.> Next steps:> Kushal would like to meet with Alon next week to discuss the solution design. > Today’s highlighted meeting:> Sagar—who stepped into Nidhi’s role after she left—has also resigned and will likely join Nscale. We will have an open conversation with him to get his advice on how to proceed and navigate Microsoft’s internal politics.> Overall impression:> Our biggest obstacle was the short timeframe, and that is now resolved. If we take Kushal’s communication at face value, this is our project to win.> I will share more feedback tomorrow, Lior> > > On Sun, Dec 7, 2025 at 3:11 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> Happy Sunday to all.> Deal status: We will be much smarter about our status ~Tuesday EoD.> Structure: Easy. We will address it as one and not just the first HW deployment. > Delivery: The BOM was shared with operations last week. We will figure out the priority once we understand our status. > Flash: Another advantage of VAST over Flash Blob.> > Everyone on this thread will get an update tomorrow on everything we have learned during the day.> Lior> > > On Sun, Dec 7, 2025 at 6:03 PM Renen Hallak <renen@vastdata.com> wrote:> +Avery Pham > > Microsoft should have their own flash allocation with the nand manufacturers.> > If anything - due to our efficiencies - we should save them on the amount of nand they need, and dip into their excess allocation for other customers.> > Renen> > On Sun, Dec 7, 2025 at 6:01 PM Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com> wrote:> … and I’m wondering if we’re making sure that the Azure allocation is being preserved.  > > First, the storage vendors started panicking.> Now, the end customers are feeling this and starting to panic.> > Are we tracking the MSFT requirement with VAST Operations? > Are you 100% sure we can deliver within the right (tight) timeframe? > > We need to execute flawlessly here.> > Additionally, people are talking about constrained inventory through 2026.  We should work on taking the whole deal down in one shot, with partial delivery milestones.> ---