# Re: Re: [EXTERNAL] AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast- Exported: 2026-01-05 17:29:58- Messages: 5---## 2025-12-19 14:30:58 — Tiffany Stonehill <tiffany.stonehill@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast> Mohamad and Kurt,> Thank you again for the opportunity to present to the GBB team. What is a good day to connect on the current pipeline? I am working Monday and Tuesday the next two weeks and full swing in January. > > I will coordinate with Jason on getting the slides and access out to you.> > In regards to showcasing Global Namespace on Azure I will defer to @Lior Genzel as he has the most recent updates from engineering. > > In the meantime I wish everyone a happy holiday season and look forward to building off this momentum.> > Cheers,> Tiffany> ￼> Tiffany Stonehill> Global Sales & Strategic Alliances | Microsoft Azure> > Tiffany.Stonehill@vastdata.com | 949-514-1648> >         vastdata.com > > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 12:50 PM Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com> wrote:> Hi Vast team, > > Thank you for presenting to us. It was a very informative and inspiring session.  > > @Chris & @jason.vallery, please share the slides and code that you presented to us. @Tiffany, let's sync on the current list of Azure customers that you are working with and work on expanding it with help of our sellers. > > @Chris, is there a plan to work on a demo/accelerator where we show the Global Namespace on Azure? I want to include this in our AI roadshow. > > From: Mohamad Al Jazaery> Sent: Monday, December 1, 2025 2:16 PM> To: WW AI SC IaaS <wwaisciaas@service.microsoft.com>; Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>; Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>; Chris Carpenter <chris.carpenter@vastdata.com>> Cc: Kent Altena <kaltena@microsoft.com>; Sooyoung Moon <somoon@microsoft.com>; Kurt Niebuhr <kniebuhr@microsoft.com>; Andrew Thomas <andrewthomas@microsoft.com>; Sheila Mueller <Sheila.Mueller@microsoft.com>; Yuval Mazor <yuvalmazor@microsoft.com>; Alan Weaver <alanwe@microsoft.com>; Zack Soenen <zacksoenen@microsoft.com>> Subject: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast> When: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 8:00 AM-9:00 AM.> Where: Microsoft Teams Meeting>  > VAST Data to present VAST + AKS to our Microsoft Global Black Belt (GBB) AI infrastructure sellers.> > ________________________________________________________________________________> Microsoft Teams meeting> Join: https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/27996074893541?p=qVc7qz9oM0f9LTXAFL> Meeting ID: 279 960 748 935 41> Passcode: NJ6jo9JP> > Need help? | System reference> Dial in by phone> +1 323-849-4874,,184869761# United States, Los Angeles> Find a local number> Phone conference ID: 184 869 761#> For organizers: Meeting options | Reset dial-in PIN> ________________________________________________________________________________> ---## 2025-12-19 20:02:59 — Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com>**Subject:** Re: Re: [EXTERNAL] AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast> Happy holidays! I will be out for the next 2 weeks so let's connect on Jan.> > From: Tiffany Stonehill <tiffany.stonehill@vastdata.com>> Sent: Friday, December 19, 2025 1:30 PM> To: Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com>> Cc: lior.genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>; jason.vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>; Chris Carpenter <chris.carpenter@vastdata.com>; Kurt Niebuhr <kniebuhr@microsoft.com>> Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast>  > Mohamad and Kurt,> Thank you again for the opportunity to present to the GBB team. What is a good day to connect on the current pipeline? I am working Monday and Tuesday the next two weeks and full swing in January. > > I will coordinate with Jason on getting the slides and access out to you.> > In regards to showcasing Global Namespace on Azure I will defer to @Lior Genzel as he has the most recent updates from engineering. > > In the meantime I wish everyone a happy holiday season and look forward to building off this momentum.> > Cheers,> Tiffany> ￼> Tiffany Stonehill> Global Sales & Strategic Alliances | Microsoft Azure> > Tiffany.Stonehill@vastdata.com | 949-514-1648> >         vastdata.com > > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 12:50 PM Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com> wrote:> Hi Vast team, > > Thank you for presenting to us. It was a very informative and inspiring session.  > > @Chris & @jason.vallery, please share the slides and code that you presented to us. @Tiffany, let's sync on the current list of Azure customers that you are working with and work on expanding it with help of our sellers. > > @Chris, is there a plan to work on a demo/accelerator where we show the Global Namespace on Azure? I want to include this in our AI roadshow. > > From: Mohamad Al Jazaery> Sent: Monday, December 1, 2025 2:16 PM> To: WW AI SC IaaS <wwaisciaas@service.microsoft.com>; Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>; Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>; Chris Carpenter <chris.carpenter@vastdata.com>> Cc: Kent Altena <kaltena@microsoft.com>; Sooyoung Moon <somoon@microsoft.com>; Kurt Niebuhr <kniebuhr@microsoft.com>; Andrew Thomas <andrewthomas@microsoft.com>; Sheila Mueller <Sheila.Mueller@microsoft.com>; Yuval Mazor <yuvalmazor@microsoft.com>; Alan Weaver <alanwe@microsoft.com>; Zack Soenen <zacksoenen@microsoft.com>> Subject: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast> When: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 8:00 AM-9:00 AM.> Where: Microsoft Teams Meeting>  > VAST Data to present VAST + AKS to our Microsoft Global Black Belt (GBB) AI infrastructure sellers.> > ________________________________________________________________________________> Microsoft Teams meeting> Join: https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/27996074893541?p=qVc7qz9oM0f9LTXAFL> Meeting ID: 279 960 748 935 41> Passcode: NJ6jo9JP> > Need help? | System reference> Dial in by phone> +1 323-849-4874,,184869761# United States, Los Angeles> Find a local number> Phone conference ID: 184 869 761#> For organizers: Meeting options | Reset dial-in PIN> ________________________________________________________________________________> ---## 2026-01-05 10:12:46 — Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com>**Subject:** Re: Re: [EXTERNAL] AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast> Hi Tiffany, > > Happy New Year!> Let's sync tomorrow if you are available. > > Regards,> Mohamad> > From: Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com>> Sent: Friday, December 19, 2025 7:02 PM> To: Tiffany Stonehill <tiffany.stonehill@vastdata.com>> Cc: lior.genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>; jason.vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>; Chris Carpenter <chris.carpenter@vastdata.com>; Kurt Niebuhr <kniebuhr@microsoft.com>> Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] Re: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast>  > Happy holidays! I will be out for the next 2 weeks so let's connect on Jan.> > From: Tiffany Stonehill <tiffany.stonehill@vastdata.com>> Sent: Friday, December 19, 2025 1:30 PM> To: Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com>> Cc: lior.genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>; jason.vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>; Chris Carpenter <chris.carpenter@vastdata.com>; Kurt Niebuhr <kniebuhr@microsoft.com>> Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast>  > Mohamad and Kurt,> Thank you again for the opportunity to present to the GBB team. What is a good day to connect on the current pipeline? I am working Monday and Tuesday the next two weeks and full swing in January. > > I will coordinate with Jason on getting the slides and access out to you.> > In regards to showcasing Global Namespace on Azure I will defer to @Lior Genzel as he has the most recent updates from engineering. > > In the meantime I wish everyone a happy holiday season and look forward to building off this momentum.> > Cheers,> Tiffany> ￼> Tiffany Stonehill> Global Sales & Strategic Alliances | Microsoft Azure> > Tiffany.Stonehill@vastdata.com | 949-514-1648> >         vastdata.com > > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 12:50 PM Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com> wrote:> Hi Vast team, > > Thank you for presenting to us. It was a very informative and inspiring session.  > > @Chris & @jason.vallery, please share the slides and code that you presented to us. @Tiffany, let's sync on the current list of Azure customers that you are working with and work on expanding it with help of our sellers. > > @Chris, is there a plan to work on a demo/accelerator where we show the Global Namespace on Azure? I want to include this in our AI roadshow. > > From: Mohamad Al Jazaery> Sent: Monday, December 1, 2025 2:16 PM> To: WW AI SC IaaS <wwaisciaas@service.microsoft.com>; Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>; Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>; Chris Carpenter <chris.carpenter@vastdata.com>> Cc: Kent Altena <kaltena@microsoft.com>; Sooyoung Moon <somoon@microsoft.com>; Kurt Niebuhr <kniebuhr@microsoft.com>; Andrew Thomas <andrewthomas@microsoft.com>; Sheila Mueller <Sheila.Mueller@microsoft.com>; Yuval Mazor <yuvalmazor@microsoft.com>; Alan Weaver <alanwe@microsoft.com>; Zack Soenen <zacksoenen@microsoft.com>> Subject: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast> When: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 8:00 AM-9:00 AM.> Where: Microsoft Teams Meeting>  > VAST Data to present VAST + AKS to our Microsoft Global Black Belt (GBB) AI infrastructure sellers.> > ________________________________________________________________________________> Microsoft Teams meeting> Join: https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/27996074893541?p=qVc7qz9oM0f9LTXAFL> Meeting ID: 279 960 748 935 41> Passcode: NJ6jo9JP> > Need help? | System reference> Dial in by phone> +1 323-849-4874,,184869761# United States, Los Angeles> Find a local number> Phone conference ID: 184 869 761#> For organizers: Meeting options | Reset dial-in PIN> ________________________________________________________________________________> ---## 2026-01-05 11:00:12 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast> Mohamad,> Happy New Year!> Demonstrating how VAST on-prem customers can use our Global Namespace to Burst into Azure is the right path forward.> Let's jump on a call again to figure out how we make it a part of your AI roadshow. That will be fantastic.> > Lior> > On Fri, Dec 19, 2025 at 11:30 PM Tiffany Stonehill <tiffany.stonehill@vastdata.com> wrote:> Mohamad and Kurt,> Thank you again for the opportunity to present to the GBB team. What is a good day to connect on the current pipeline? I am working Monday and Tuesday the next two weeks and full swing in January. > > I will coordinate with Jason on getting the slides and access out to you.> > In regards to showcasing Global Namespace on Azure I will defer to @Lior Genzel as he has the most recent updates from engineering. > > In the meantime I wish everyone a happy holiday season and look forward to building off this momentum.> > Cheers,> Tiffany> ￼> Tiffany Stonehill> Global Sales & Strategic Alliances | Microsoft Azure> > Tiffany.Stonehill@vastdata.com | 949-514-1648> >         vastdata.com > > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 12:50 PM Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com> wrote:> Hi Vast team, > > Thank you for presenting to us. It was a very informative and inspiring session.  > > @Chris & @jason.vallery, please share the slides and code that you presented to us. @Tiffany, let's sync on the current list of Azure customers that you are working with and work on expanding it with help of our sellers. > > @Chris, is there a plan to work on a demo/accelerator where we show the Global Namespace on Azure? I want to include this in our AI roadshow. > > From: Mohamad Al Jazaery> Sent: Monday, December 1, 2025 2:16 PM> To: WW AI SC IaaS <wwaisciaas@service.microsoft.com>; Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>; Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>; Chris Carpenter <chris.carpenter@vastdata.com>> Cc: Kent Altena <kaltena@microsoft.com>; Sooyoung Moon <somoon@microsoft.com>; Kurt Niebuhr <kniebuhr@microsoft.com>; Andrew Thomas <andrewthomas@microsoft.com>; Sheila Mueller <Sheila.Mueller@microsoft.com>; Yuval Mazor <yuvalmazor@microsoft.com>; Alan Weaver <alanwe@microsoft.com>; Zack Soenen <zacksoenen@microsoft.com>> Subject: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast> When: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 8:00 AM-9:00 AM.> Where: Microsoft Teams Meeting>  > VAST Data to present VAST + AKS to our Microsoft Global Black Belt (GBB) AI infrastructure sellers.> > ________________________________________________________________________________> Microsoft Teams meeting> Join: https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/27996074893541?p=qVc7qz9oM0f9LTXAFL> Meeting ID: 279 960 748 935 41> Passcode: NJ6jo9JP> > Need help? | System reference> Dial in by phone> +1 323-849-4874,,184869761# United States, Los Angeles> Find a local number> Phone conference ID: 184 869 761#> For organizers: Meeting options | Reset dial-in PIN> ________________________________________________________________________________> ---## 2026-01-05 13:25:16 — Tiffany Stonehill <tiffany.stonehill@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: Re: [EXTERNAL] AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast> Hey Mohamad,> Happy New Year to you as well! Are you available at 11:30am PST or later?> ￼> Tiffany Stonehill> Global Sales & Strategic Alliances | Microsoft Azure> > Tiffany.Stonehill@vastdata.com | 949-514-1648> >         vastdata.com > > > On Mon, Jan 5, 2026 at 9:12 AM Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com> wrote:> Hi Tiffany, > > Happy New Year!> Let's sync tomorrow if you are available. > > Regards,> Mohamad> > From: Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com>> Sent: Friday, December 19, 2025 7:02 PM> To: Tiffany Stonehill <tiffany.stonehill@vastdata.com>> Cc: lior.genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>; jason.vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>; Chris Carpenter <chris.carpenter@vastdata.com>; Kurt Niebuhr <kniebuhr@microsoft.com>> Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] Re: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast>  > Happy holidays! I will be out for the next 2 weeks so let's connect on Jan.> > From: Tiffany Stonehill <tiffany.stonehill@vastdata.com>> Sent: Friday, December 19, 2025 1:30 PM> To: Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com>> Cc: lior.genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>; jason.vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>; Chris Carpenter <chris.carpenter@vastdata.com>; Kurt Niebuhr <kniebuhr@microsoft.com>> Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast>  > Mohamad and Kurt,> Thank you again for the opportunity to present to the GBB team. What is a good day to connect on the current pipeline? I am working Monday and Tuesday the next two weeks and full swing in January. > > I will coordinate with Jason on getting the slides and access out to you.> > In regards to showcasing Global Namespace on Azure I will defer to @Lior Genzel as he has the most recent updates from engineering. > > In the meantime I wish everyone a happy holiday season and look forward to building off this momentum.> > Cheers,> Tiffany> ￼> Tiffany Stonehill> Global Sales & Strategic Alliances | Microsoft Azure> > Tiffany.Stonehill@vastdata.com | 949-514-1648> >         vastdata.com > > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 12:50 PM Mohamad Al Jazaery <maljazaery@microsoft.com> wrote:> Hi Vast team, > > Thank you for presenting to us. It was a very informative and inspiring session.  > > @Chris & @jason.vallery, please share the slides and code that you presented to us. @Tiffany, let's sync on the current list of Azure customers that you are working with and work on expanding it with help of our sellers. > > @Chris, is there a plan to work on a demo/accelerator where we show the Global Namespace on Azure? I want to include this in our AI roadshow. > > From: Mohamad Al Jazaery> Sent: Monday, December 1, 2025 2:16 PM> To: WW AI SC IaaS <wwaisciaas@service.microsoft.com>; Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>; Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>; Chris Carpenter <chris.carpenter@vastdata.com>> Cc: Kent Altena <kaltena@microsoft.com>; Sooyoung Moon <somoon@microsoft.com>; Kurt Niebuhr <kniebuhr@microsoft.com>; Andrew Thomas <andrewthomas@microsoft.com>; Sheila Mueller <Sheila.Mueller@microsoft.com>; Yuval Mazor <yuvalmazor@microsoft.com>; Alan Weaver <alanwe@microsoft.com>; Zack Soenen <zacksoenen@microsoft.com>> Subject: AKS AI Roadshow - GBB - Vast> When: Tuesday, December 9, 2025 8:00 AM-9:00 AM.> Where: Microsoft Teams Meeting>  > VAST Data to present VAST + AKS to our Microsoft Global Black Belt (GBB) AI infrastructure sellers.> > ________________________________________________________________________________> Microsoft Teams meeting> Join: https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/27996074893541?p=qVc7qz9oM0f9LTXAFL> Meeting ID: 279 960 748 935 41> Passcode: NJ6jo9JP> > Need help? | System reference> Dial in by phone> +1 323-849-4874,,184869761# United States, Los Angeles> Find a local number> Phone conference ID: 184 869 761#> For organizers: Meeting options | Reset dial-in PIN> ________________________________________________________________________________> ---