# Fwd: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting- Exported: 2026-01-05 17:29:32- Messages: 14---## 2025-12-17 06:19:03 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> ---## 2025-12-18 12:44:51 — David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> ---## 2025-12-18 13:27:56 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> ---## 2025-12-18 14:15:29 — David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> ---## 2025-12-18 14:28:59 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> ---## 2025-12-18 15:17:23 — Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> Thanks all, sounds great. > > We should just need 45mts to 1 hour to walk through what the GDC team has curated. I suggest we start at 8am PT if that's OK. > > Mallikarjun> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:14 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi David -> > I can meet tomorrow AM. I’m open from 7am to 9am PT. Would a time in there work?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 2:28 PM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> > > > -- > Mallikarjun> > ---## 2025-12-18 15:18:11 — David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> Just sent the cal invite. Talk then.> > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com> wrote:> Thanks all, sounds great. > > We should just need 45mts to 1 hour to walk through what the GDC team has curated. I suggest we start at 8am PT if that's OK. > > Mallikarjun> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:14 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi David -> > I can meet tomorrow AM. I’m open from 7am to 9am PT. Would a time in there work?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 2:28 PM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> > > > -- > Mallikarjun> > ---## 2025-12-19 11:01:12 — David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> @Lior Genzel @Jason Vallery > > Attached to this email is the document we reviewed during our meeting this morning. Please populate and let us know when you plan to submit back to us. If there are any follow up questions from your end, then please reply all on this email thread. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Just sent the cal invite. Talk then.> > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com> wrote:> Thanks all, sounds great. > > We should just need 45mts to 1 hour to walk through what the GDC team has curated. I suggest we start at 8am PT if that's OK. > > Mallikarjun> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:14 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi David -> > I can meet tomorrow AM. I’m open from 7am to 9am PT. Would a time in there work?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 2:28 PM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> > > > -- > Mallikarjun> > ---## 2025-12-21 04:42:37 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> David,> Thank you.> We will review and get back to you with feedback by tomorrow.> Lior> > > On Fri, Dec 19, 2025 at 8:01 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel @Jason Vallery > > Attached to this email is the document we reviewed during our meeting this morning. Please populate and let us know when you plan to submit back to us. If there are any follow up questions from your end, then please reply all on this email thread. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Just sent the cal invite. Talk then.> > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com> wrote:> Thanks all, sounds great. > > We should just need 45mts to 1 hour to walk through what the GDC team has curated. I suggest we start at 8am PT if that's OK. > > Mallikarjun> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:14 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi David -> > I can meet tomorrow AM. I’m open from 7am to 9am PT. Would a time in there work?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 2:28 PM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> > > > -- > Mallikarjun> > ---## 2025-12-21 04:43:51 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Fwd: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> Asaf,> Who is the best person/team to work with to get these tables filled out? > It's GCP, via their GDC RFP team, asking for performance numbers to different configurations we suggested based on VAST C/D set-ups.> > Thank you,> Lior> > ---------- Forwarded message ---------> From: David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com>> Date: Fri, Dec 19, 2025 at 8:01 PM> Subject: Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> To: Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com>> Cc: Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>, ryan.terrell@vastdata.com <ryan.terrell@vastdata.com>, Jeff Kimmel <kimmelj@google.com>, Kamal Vyas <kamalvyas@google.com>, Cesar Pictac (xWF) <simionpictac@google.com>, Gopal Pothuraju <gpothuraju@google.com>, Gursimran Singh (xWF) <gursimrans@google.com>, Manu Batra <manubatra@google.com>> > > @Lior Genzel @Jason Vallery > > Attached to this email is the document we reviewed during our meeting this morning. Please populate and let us know when you plan to submit back to us. If there are any follow up questions from your end, then please reply all on this email thread. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Just sent the cal invite. Talk then.> > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com> wrote:> Thanks all, sounds great. > > We should just need 45mts to 1 hour to walk through what the GDC team has curated. I suggest we start at 8am PT if that's OK. > > Mallikarjun> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:14 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi David -> > I can meet tomorrow AM. I’m open from 7am to 9am PT. Would a time in there work?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 2:28 PM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> > > > -- > Mallikarjun> > ---## 2025-12-23 00:31:48 — Asaf Levy <asaf@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> +Shachar Fienblit > > Jason, I have no way of making up these numbers.> We will need to test to get them and that will require time and effort. > > What deal is behind this?> What is the deadline for submitting the response?> When are we supposed to deliver a solution?> I assume we are talking about our own on prem HW, are there limitations around this?> > On Mon, Dec 22, 2025 at 8:12 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi Asaf —> > Happy to jump on a call and walk you through the details on this if there are questions. They will compare vendors primarily on IOPS per GiB and price per GiB, with throughput as a secondary dimension. We reviewed the format with them on a call Friday and here are some notes:> > > 1) What we must deliver back to Google> > Tab: “PricePerformance Analysis”> Populate all requested rows/columns for:> BLOCK (NVMe/TCP): 2 IOPS/GiB, 5 IOPS/GiB, 10 IOPS/GiB sections (each has S/M/L/XL rows)> FILE (NFSv4): 2 IOPS/GiB section (S/M/L/XL rows)> OBJECT (S3): Standard class + Archive class (each has S/M/L/XL rows)> > Tab: “Performance Profile”> Provide fio-based latency curves (Mean + P95) vs IOPS for specific NVMe/TCP workloads (details below). Fill in the columns with the “model/specs,” config details for S/M/L/XL, and any notes.> Also: Google explicitly asked us to disclose the benchmarking tool(s) and methodology we used (fio etc.) along with results.> > 2) Global test assumptions Google expects > These are listed at the top of the “PricePerformance Analysis” tab and were emphasized during the call:> > Block/File IOPS normalization requirements> Read/Write ratio: 80/20, uniform random> IO size for IOPS: 4 KiB> Latency target: keep Mean Latency < 2 ms> Interpretation: push performance but do not report IOPS that require mean latency >2ms. They want IOPS “under 2ms” for apples-to-apples.> Protocols:> Block: NVMe over TCP> File: NFSv4> Object: S3> Encryption requirements (must be enabled during benchmarks)> Encryption in transit: Enabled> Google called out: IPsec for file+block, TLS for S3. They explicitly want benchmarks with encryption enabled because it impacts IOPS.> Encryption at rest: Enabled (and they want a “2nd at-rest layer at tenant granularity or finer”)> Data reduction settings> Object test realism constraint> Working set ≥ 20% of usable capacity> This is to avoid measuring only cache behavior.> Units (important)> They standardize on TiB/GiB, not TB/GB.> Make sure we report capacities and any derived “per GiB” values consistently.> > 3) Specific spreadsheet sections and exactly what to fill> > A) “PricePerformance Analysis” tab> > BLOCK sections (NVMe/TCP) — 2 / 5 / 10 IOPS per GiB> Each of the 3 block sections has Small (~112TiB usable), Med (~256TiB), Large (~512TiB), X‑Large (~1PiB).> > For each row, please fill:> Usable capacity w/o dedupe/compression (TiB)> Usable capacity with dedupe/compression (TiB) (This can be an estimated “typical mixed private cloud” number; see notes below.)> Raw capacity (TiB)> All-in price (must include HW + SW + Support) using Google’s requested commercial terms: 60 months | 4‑hour support | Commercial> Total IOPS (for the 4KiB, 80/20 random workload under mean latency <2ms)> Max total read throughput + max total write throughput> Also fill “Throughput IO Size” (e.g., 256KiB, 1MiB, etc.) and disclose the access pattern used for throughput (seq vs random) either in the notes column or the throughput fields.> Mean latency (ms)> kW and Rack Units> Configuration notes/details (controller model/qty, drive model/type/qty/capacity; any key architecture notes)> And in the normalized columns, please compute + fill:> IOPS/GiB> Read Throughput/GiB> Write Throughput/GiB> Price/GiB> > > FILE section (NFSv4) — 2 IOPS per GiB> Same structure as block (S/M/L/XL). Fill the same columns, but for NFSv4.> > OBJECT sections (S3) — Standard + Archive classes> Object has different fields (and they left some per‑GiB columns intentionally blank). There are two classes:> > OBJECT – Standard Storage Class> Workload: 50/50 GET/PUT, “new object PUTs,” uniform random GET access> Working set ≥ 20% usable capacity> Sizes: Small (~300TiB usable), Med (~900TiB), Large (~1.5PiB), X‑Large (~5PiB)> > OBJECT – Archive Storage Class > NOTE:  We explained that we only have one “tier” and that the results will effectively be the same for both tiers> Workload: 10/90 GET/PUT, “new object PUTs,” uniform random GET access> Same sizing rows as above> > For each object row, fill:> Usable capacity with dedupe/compression and w/o dedupe/compression> Raw capacity (TiB)> All-in 60‑month price (HW/SW/Support)> QPS @ 256KiB objects (include P95 latency disclosure)> QPS @ 256MiB objects (include P95 latency disclosure)> Max read throughput supported (disclose object size and # of buckets)> Max write throughput supported (same disclosure)> kW, rack units> Config notes (incl. erasure coding, layout assumptions)> > 4) “Performance Profile” tab — additional latency-vs-IOPS curves> This tab asks for:> > fio-based latency (Mean and P95) vs IOPS curves for NVMe/TCP workloads, using:> > Uniform random I/O distribution> Sufficiently large disk volumes so peak IOPS density < 5 IOPS/GiB> Workloads listed:> > 100/0 8KiB random read> 50/50 8KiB random read/write> 0/100 8KiB random write> (Sheet shows “0/100 64KiB random read” — likely a typo)> 50/50 64KiB random read/write> (Sheet shows “100/0 64KiB random write” — likely a typo)> Guidance: Assume the intent is:> > 64KiB 100/0 random read, and 64KiB 0/100 random write> …but please call out the assumption in the “Comments” column (or email thread) so Google doesn’t interpret it as us ignoring the template.> What to put in the columns:> > Storage Model & Specs: testbed description (VAST SW version, controller model, drive type, network, encryption settings, client count)> Config Details (S/M/L/XL): link each curve set to the same S/M/L/XL configs used in Tab 1> Comments: any extrapolation, bottlenecks, deviations, or notes on how curves were generated> > > 5) Notes> These are things Google explicitly discussed with us:> > Self‑Encrypting Drives (SEDs)> The template mentions “Self encrypting drives with FIPS 140-2 or -3 certification.”> We stated on the call: VAST does NOT support SEDs (due to HA/dual-controller key mgmt complexity). We meet FIPS requirements via dual software-layer encryption.> > Google understands vendors may not have an exact “112TiB usable” system. They explicitly suggested:> > If our smallest deliverable config is bigger (example discussed: 150TiB/223TiB vs requested 112TiB), still fill the 112TiB line, but add an extra line underneath explaining:> “To sell/support 112TiB, we must deploy X TiB hardware; here’s the actual price/perf,” and> optionally, “at X TiB you get more capacity/perf.”> > Data reduction numbers are estimates, performance tests should not benefit from them> For performance testing, use random data so dedupe doesn’t inflate results.> For capacity w/ dedupe/compression column: provide a reasonable “mixed private cloud” estimate (and state it’s an estimate).> > > > On Dec 21, 2025, at 4:43 AM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > Asaf,> Who is the best person/team to work with to get these tables filled out? > It's GCP, via their GDC RFP team, asking for performance numbers to different configurations we suggested based on VAST C/D set-ups.> > Thank you,> Lior> > ---------- Forwarded message ---------> From: David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com>> Date: Fri, Dec 19, 2025 at 8:01 PM> Subject: Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> To: Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com>> Cc: Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>, ryan.terrell@vastdata.com <ryan.terrell@vastdata.com>, Jeff Kimmel <kimmelj@google.com>, Kamal Vyas <kamalvyas@google.com>, Cesar Pictac (xWF) <simionpictac@google.com>, Gopal Pothuraju <gpothuraju@google.com>, Gursimran Singh (xWF) <gursimrans@google.com>, Manu Batra <manubatra@google.com>> > > @Lior Genzel @Jason Vallery > > Attached to this email is the document we reviewed during our meeting this morning. Please populate and let us know when you plan to submit back to us. If there are any follow up questions from your end, then please reply all on this email thread. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Just sent the cal invite. Talk then.> > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com> wrote:> Thanks all, sounds great. > > We should just need 45mts to 1 hour to walk through what the GDC team has curated. I suggest we start at 8am PT if that's OK. > > Mallikarjun> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:14 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi David -> > I can meet tomorrow AM. I’m open from 7am to 9am PT. Would a time in there work?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 2:28 PM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> > > > -- > Mallikarjun> > <19Dec2025 VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP V1.xlsx>> > ---## 2025-12-23 00:43:28 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> inline. > > On Tue, Dec 23, 2025 at 9:31 AM Asaf Levy <asaf@vastdata.com> wrote:> +Shachar Fienblit > > Jason, I have no way of making up these numbers.> We will need to test to get them and that will require time and effort. > > What deal is behind this?> Google GDC RFP. > It's Google Data Center RFP for their business in commercial and government data centers outside of Google cloud.> It's estimated at $50M a year and a contract for 5 years. > > What is the deadline for submitting the response?> I will ask for the deadline.>  > When are we supposed to deliver a solution?> If we win?> A win will trigger an integration work with GDC API. > Their forecasted jointed business during 2026> I will ask for more details. > > I assume we are talking about our own on prem HW, are there limitations around this?> Google might decide VAST SW and bring their own HW.> For this exercise we're using our own ODM HW. This isn't Google Cloud. it's GDC and one way or another they will use OEM HW for these deployments. Not their own GCP HW.> > On Mon, Dec 22, 2025 at 8:12 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi Asaf —> > Happy to jump on a call and walk you through the details on this if there are questions. They will compare vendors primarily on IOPS per GiB and price per GiB, with throughput as a secondary dimension. We reviewed the format with them on a call Friday and here are some notes:> > > 1) What we must deliver back to Google> > Tab: “PricePerformance Analysis”> Populate all requested rows/columns for:> BLOCK (NVMe/TCP): 2 IOPS/GiB, 5 IOPS/GiB, 10 IOPS/GiB sections (each has S/M/L/XL rows)> FILE (NFSv4): 2 IOPS/GiB section (S/M/L/XL rows)> OBJECT (S3): Standard class + Archive class (each has S/M/L/XL rows)> > Tab: “Performance Profile”> Provide fio-based latency curves (Mean + P95) vs IOPS for specific NVMe/TCP workloads (details below). Fill in the columns with the “model/specs,” config details for S/M/L/XL, and any notes.> Also: Google explicitly asked us to disclose the benchmarking tool(s) and methodology we used (fio etc.) along with results.> > 2) Global test assumptions Google expects > These are listed at the top of the “PricePerformance Analysis” tab and were emphasized during the call:> > Block/File IOPS normalization requirements> Read/Write ratio: 80/20, uniform random> IO size for IOPS: 4 KiB> Latency target: keep Mean Latency < 2 ms> Interpretation: push performance but do not report IOPS that require mean latency >2ms. They want IOPS “under 2ms” for apples-to-apples.> Protocols:> Block: NVMe over TCP> File: NFSv4> Object: S3> Encryption requirements (must be enabled during benchmarks)> Encryption in transit: Enabled> Google called out: IPsec for file+block, TLS for S3. They explicitly want benchmarks with encryption enabled because it impacts IOPS.> Encryption at rest: Enabled (and they want a “2nd at-rest layer at tenant granularity or finer”)> Data reduction settings> Object test realism constraint> Working set ≥ 20% of usable capacity> This is to avoid measuring only cache behavior.> Units (important)> They standardize on TiB/GiB, not TB/GB.> Make sure we report capacities and any derived “per GiB” values consistently.> > 3) Specific spreadsheet sections and exactly what to fill> > A) “PricePerformance Analysis” tab> > BLOCK sections (NVMe/TCP) — 2 / 5 / 10 IOPS per GiB> Each of the 3 block sections has Small (~112TiB usable), Med (~256TiB), Large (~512TiB), X‑Large (~1PiB).> > For each row, please fill:> Usable capacity w/o dedupe/compression (TiB)> Usable capacity with dedupe/compression (TiB) (This can be an estimated “typical mixed private cloud” number; see notes below.)> Raw capacity (TiB)> All-in price (must include HW + SW + Support) using Google’s requested commercial terms: 60 months | 4‑hour support | Commercial> Total IOPS (for the 4KiB, 80/20 random workload under mean latency <2ms)> Max total read throughput + max total write throughput> Also fill “Throughput IO Size” (e.g., 256KiB, 1MiB, etc.) and disclose the access pattern used for throughput (seq vs random) either in the notes column or the throughput fields.> Mean latency (ms)> kW and Rack Units> Configuration notes/details (controller model/qty, drive model/type/qty/capacity; any key architecture notes)> And in the normalized columns, please compute + fill:> IOPS/GiB> Read Throughput/GiB> Write Throughput/GiB> Price/GiB> > > FILE section (NFSv4) — 2 IOPS per GiB> Same structure as block (S/M/L/XL). Fill the same columns, but for NFSv4.> > OBJECT sections (S3) — Standard + Archive classes> Object has different fields (and they left some per‑GiB columns intentionally blank). There are two classes:> > OBJECT – Standard Storage Class> Workload: 50/50 GET/PUT, “new object PUTs,” uniform random GET access> Working set ≥ 20% usable capacity> Sizes: Small (~300TiB usable), Med (~900TiB), Large (~1.5PiB), X‑Large (~5PiB)> > OBJECT – Archive Storage Class > NOTE:  We explained that we only have one “tier” and that the results will effectively be the same for both tiers> Workload: 10/90 GET/PUT, “new object PUTs,” uniform random GET access> Same sizing rows as above> > For each object row, fill:> Usable capacity with dedupe/compression and w/o dedupe/compression> Raw capacity (TiB)> All-in 60‑month price (HW/SW/Support)> QPS @ 256KiB objects (include P95 latency disclosure)> QPS @ 256MiB objects (include P95 latency disclosure)> Max read throughput supported (disclose object size and # of buckets)> Max write throughput supported (same disclosure)> kW, rack units> Config notes (incl. erasure coding, layout assumptions)> > 4) “Performance Profile” tab — additional latency-vs-IOPS curves> This tab asks for:> > fio-based latency (Mean and P95) vs IOPS curves for NVMe/TCP workloads, using:> > Uniform random I/O distribution> Sufficiently large disk volumes so peak IOPS density < 5 IOPS/GiB> Workloads listed:> > 100/0 8KiB random read> 50/50 8KiB random read/write> 0/100 8KiB random write> (Sheet shows “0/100 64KiB random read” — likely a typo)> 50/50 64KiB random read/write> (Sheet shows “100/0 64KiB random write” — likely a typo)> Guidance: Assume the intent is:> > 64KiB 100/0 random read, and 64KiB 0/100 random write> …but please call out the assumption in the “Comments” column (or email thread) so Google doesn’t interpret it as us ignoring the template.> What to put in the columns:> > Storage Model & Specs: testbed description (VAST SW version, controller model, drive type, network, encryption settings, client count)> Config Details (S/M/L/XL): link each curve set to the same S/M/L/XL configs used in Tab 1> Comments: any extrapolation, bottlenecks, deviations, or notes on how curves were generated> > > 5) Notes> These are things Google explicitly discussed with us:> > Self‑Encrypting Drives (SEDs)> The template mentions “Self encrypting drives with FIPS 140-2 or -3 certification.”> We stated on the call: VAST does NOT support SEDs (due to HA/dual-controller key mgmt complexity). We meet FIPS requirements via dual software-layer encryption.> > Google understands vendors may not have an exact “112TiB usable” system. They explicitly suggested:> > If our smallest deliverable config is bigger (example discussed: 150TiB/223TiB vs requested 112TiB), still fill the 112TiB line, but add an extra line underneath explaining:> “To sell/support 112TiB, we must deploy X TiB hardware; here’s the actual price/perf,” and> optionally, “at X TiB you get more capacity/perf.”> > Data reduction numbers are estimates, performance tests should not benefit from them> For performance testing, use random data so dedupe doesn’t inflate results.> For capacity w/ dedupe/compression column: provide a reasonable “mixed private cloud” estimate (and state it’s an estimate).> > > > On Dec 21, 2025, at 4:43 AM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > Asaf,> Who is the best person/team to work with to get these tables filled out? > It's GCP, via their GDC RFP team, asking for performance numbers to different configurations we suggested based on VAST C/D set-ups.> > Thank you,> Lior> > ---------- Forwarded message ---------> From: David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com>> Date: Fri, Dec 19, 2025 at 8:01 PM> Subject: Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> To: Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com>> Cc: Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>, ryan.terrell@vastdata.com <ryan.terrell@vastdata.com>, Jeff Kimmel <kimmelj@google.com>, Kamal Vyas <kamalvyas@google.com>, Cesar Pictac (xWF) <simionpictac@google.com>, Gopal Pothuraju <gpothuraju@google.com>, Gursimran Singh (xWF) <gursimrans@google.com>, Manu Batra <manubatra@google.com>> > > @Lior Genzel @Jason Vallery > > Attached to this email is the document we reviewed during our meeting this morning. Please populate and let us know when you plan to submit back to us. If there are any follow up questions from your end, then please reply all on this email thread. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Just sent the cal invite. Talk then.> > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com> wrote:> Thanks all, sounds great. > > We should just need 45mts to 1 hour to walk through what the GDC team has curated. I suggest we start at 8am PT if that's OK. > > Mallikarjun> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:14 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi David -> > I can meet tomorrow AM. I’m open from 7am to 9am PT. Would a time in there work?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 2:28 PM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> > > > -- > Mallikarjun> > <19Dec2025 VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP V1.xlsx>> > ---## 2025-12-23 00:47:18 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> David & team,> Happy holidays to all and happy new year!> > A few logistical questions:> When do you need the document back? This is a lot of extra work on our side and I wish to set the right priorities with our engineering team. >  What is the sequence of events moving forward past document submission? I would like to plan, and share heads-up if needed, for the next milestones of this engagement.> Thank you,> Lior> > On Fri, Dec 19, 2025 at 8:01 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel @Jason Vallery > > Attached to this email is the document we reviewed during our meeting this morning. Please populate and let us know when you plan to submit back to us. If there are any follow up questions from your end, then please reply all on this email thread. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Just sent the cal invite. Talk then.> > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com> wrote:> Thanks all, sounds great. > > We should just need 45mts to 1 hour to walk through what the GDC team has curated. I suggest we start at 8am PT if that's OK. > > Mallikarjun> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:14 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi David -> > I can meet tomorrow AM. I’m open from 7am to 9am PT. Would a time in there work?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 2:28 PM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> > > > -- > Mallikarjun> > ---## 2026-01-05 04:00:59 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Fwd: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> Itzik & Dan,> Thank you for your time.> > Please review the below. To recap our conversation:> Google GDC team connected with us December 19th to share the detailed google sheet of performance testing they wish us to do.> Jason recorded the technical communication. > The timeline for us to complete this task is TBD. I will set expectations with Google GDC this week.> I will set an internal call with Jason for later today (or tomorrow if I can't find a time slot) to discuss his feedback and enable an internal collaboration that will either lead to us kicking off a test plan with a clear path forward or to another call with Google GDC questions to ask more questions before we start. > > Thank you,> Lior> > > ---------- Forwarded message ---------> From: Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>> Date: Mon, Dec 22, 2025 at 8:12 PM> Subject: Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> To: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>, Asaf Levy <asaf@vastdata.com>> > > Hi Asaf —> > Happy to jump on a call and walk you through the details on this if there are questions. They will compare vendors primarily on IOPS per GiB and price per GiB, with throughput as a secondary dimension. We reviewed the format with them on a call Friday and here are some notes:> > > 1) What we must deliver back to Google> > Tab: “PricePerformance Analysis”> Populate all requested rows/columns for:> BLOCK (NVMe/TCP): 2 IOPS/GiB, 5 IOPS/GiB, 10 IOPS/GiB sections (each has S/M/L/XL rows)> FILE (NFSv4): 2 IOPS/GiB section (S/M/L/XL rows)> OBJECT (S3): Standard class + Archive class (each has S/M/L/XL rows)> > Tab: “Performance Profile”> Provide fio-based latency curves (Mean + P95) vs IOPS for specific NVMe/TCP workloads (details below). Fill in the columns with the “model/specs,” config details for S/M/L/XL, and any notes.> Also: Google explicitly asked us to disclose the benchmarking tool(s) and methodology we used (fio etc.) along with results.> > 2) Global test assumptions Google expects > These are listed at the top of the “PricePerformance Analysis” tab and were emphasized during the call:> > Block/File IOPS normalization requirements> Read/Write ratio: 80/20, uniform random> IO size for IOPS: 4 KiB> Latency target: keep Mean Latency < 2 ms> Interpretation: push performance but do not report IOPS that require mean latency >2ms. They want IOPS “under 2ms” for apples-to-apples.> Protocols:> Block: NVMe over TCP> File: NFSv4> Object: S3> Encryption requirements (must be enabled during benchmarks)> Encryption in transit: Enabled> Google called out: IPsec for file+block, TLS for S3. They explicitly want benchmarks with encryption enabled because it impacts IOPS.> Encryption at rest: Enabled (and they want a “2nd at-rest layer at tenant granularity or finer”)> Data reduction settings> Object test realism constraint> Working set ≥ 20% of usable capacity> This is to avoid measuring only cache behavior.> Units (important)> They standardize on TiB/GiB, not TB/GB.> Make sure we report capacities and any derived “per GiB” values consistently.> > 3) Specific spreadsheet sections and exactly what to fill> > A) “PricePerformance Analysis” tab> > BLOCK sections (NVMe/TCP) — 2 / 5 / 10 IOPS per GiB> Each of the 3 block sections has Small (~112TiB usable), Med (~256TiB), Large (~512TiB), X‑Large (~1PiB).> > For each row, please fill:> Usable capacity w/o dedupe/compression (TiB)> Usable capacity with dedupe/compression (TiB) (This can be an estimated “typical mixed private cloud” number; see notes below.)> Raw capacity (TiB)> All-in price (must include HW + SW + Support) using Google’s requested commercial terms: 60 months | 4‑hour support | Commercial> Total IOPS (for the 4KiB, 80/20 random workload under mean latency <2ms)> Max total read throughput + max total write throughput> Also fill “Throughput IO Size” (e.g., 256KiB, 1MiB, etc.) and disclose the access pattern used for throughput (seq vs random) either in the notes column or the throughput fields.> Mean latency (ms)> kW and Rack Units> Configuration notes/details (controller model/qty, drive model/type/qty/capacity; any key architecture notes)> And in the normalized columns, please compute + fill:> IOPS/GiB> Read Throughput/GiB> Write Throughput/GiB> Price/GiB> > > FILE section (NFSv4) — 2 IOPS per GiB> Same structure as block (S/M/L/XL). Fill the same columns, but for NFSv4.> > OBJECT sections (S3) — Standard + Archive classes> Object has different fields (and they left some per‑GiB columns intentionally blank). There are two classes:> > OBJECT – Standard Storage Class> Workload: 50/50 GET/PUT, “new object PUTs,” uniform random GET access> Working set ≥ 20% usable capacity> Sizes: Small (~300TiB usable), Med (~900TiB), Large (~1.5PiB), X‑Large (~5PiB)> > OBJECT – Archive Storage Class > NOTE:  We explained that we only have one “tier” and that the results will effectively be the same for both tiers> Workload: 10/90 GET/PUT, “new object PUTs,” uniform random GET access> Same sizing rows as above> > For each object row, fill:> Usable capacity with dedupe/compression and w/o dedupe/compression> Raw capacity (TiB)> All-in 60‑month price (HW/SW/Support)> QPS @ 256KiB objects (include P95 latency disclosure)> QPS @ 256MiB objects (include P95 latency disclosure)> Max read throughput supported (disclose object size and # of buckets)> Max write throughput supported (same disclosure)> kW, rack units> Config notes (incl. erasure coding, layout assumptions)> > 4) “Performance Profile” tab — additional latency-vs-IOPS curves> This tab asks for:> > fio-based latency (Mean and P95) vs IOPS curves for NVMe/TCP workloads, using:> > Uniform random I/O distribution> Sufficiently large disk volumes so peak IOPS density < 5 IOPS/GiB> Workloads listed:> > 100/0 8KiB random read> 50/50 8KiB random read/write> 0/100 8KiB random write> (Sheet shows “0/100 64KiB random read” — likely a typo)> 50/50 64KiB random read/write> (Sheet shows “100/0 64KiB random write” — likely a typo)> Guidance: Assume the intent is:> > 64KiB 100/0 random read, and 64KiB 0/100 random write> …but please call out the assumption in the “Comments” column (or email thread) so Google doesn’t interpret it as us ignoring the template.> What to put in the columns:> > Storage Model & Specs: testbed description (VAST SW version, controller model, drive type, network, encryption settings, client count)> Config Details (S/M/L/XL): link each curve set to the same S/M/L/XL configs used in Tab 1> Comments: any extrapolation, bottlenecks, deviations, or notes on how curves were generated> > > 5) Notes> These are things Google explicitly discussed with us:> > Self‑Encrypting Drives (SEDs)> The template mentions “Self encrypting drives with FIPS 140-2 or -3 certification.”> We stated on the call: VAST does NOT support SEDs (due to HA/dual-controller key mgmt complexity). We meet FIPS requirements via dual software-layer encryption.> > Google understands vendors may not have an exact “112TiB usable” system. They explicitly suggested:> > If our smallest deliverable config is bigger (example discussed: 150TiB/223TiB vs requested 112TiB), still fill the 112TiB line, but add an extra line underneath explaining:> “To sell/support 112TiB, we must deploy X TiB hardware; here’s the actual price/perf,” and> optionally, “at X TiB you get more capacity/perf.”> > Data reduction numbers are estimates, performance tests should not benefit from them> For performance testing, use random data so dedupe doesn’t inflate results.> For capacity w/ dedupe/compression column: provide a reasonable “mixed private cloud” estimate (and state it’s an estimate).> > > > On Dec 21, 2025, at 4:43 AM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > Asaf,> Who is the best person/team to work with to get these tables filled out? > It's GCP, via their GDC RFP team, asking for performance numbers to different configurations we suggested based on VAST C/D set-ups.> > Thank you,> Lior> > ---------- Forwarded message ---------> From: David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com>> Date: Fri, Dec 19, 2025 at 8:01 PM> Subject: Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> To: Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com>> Cc: Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>, ryan.terrell@vastdata.com <ryan.terrell@vastdata.com>, Jeff Kimmel <kimmelj@google.com>, Kamal Vyas <kamalvyas@google.com>, Cesar Pictac (xWF) <simionpictac@google.com>, Gopal Pothuraju <gpothuraju@google.com>, Gursimran Singh (xWF) <gursimrans@google.com>, Manu Batra <manubatra@google.com>> > > @Lior Genzel @Jason Vallery > > Attached to this email is the document we reviewed during our meeting this morning. Please populate and let us know when you plan to submit back to us. If there are any follow up questions from your end, then please reply all on this email thread. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Just sent the cal invite. Talk then.> > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com> wrote:> Thanks all, sounds great. > > We should just need 45mts to 1 hour to walk through what the GDC team has curated. I suggest we start at 8am PT if that's OK. > > Mallikarjun> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:14 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi David -> > I can meet tomorrow AM. I’m open from 7am to 9am PT. Would a time in there work?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 2:28 PM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> > > > -- > Mallikarjun> > <19Dec2025 VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP V1.xlsx>> > ---