# Operations: Microsoft 58 x 58- Exported: 2026-01-05 17:30:46- Messages: 1---## 2026-01-05 04:24:53 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Operations: Microsoft 58 x 58> All,> Adding Ray.> > About: > MAI training project at the Nebius NJ data center project will require a set-up of 812 x 812 at full scale. > This install is designed to be conducted in phases where the forest phase will only require HW for one hall and 58 X 58 set-up. The timeline isn't 100% clear but the latest update we got is that they expect to install the first hall in the May/June time frame with an aggressive schedule to move to the other 13 halls before the end of 2026.> Note: Knowing how severe the supply chain problem is we triggered a sense of urgency with MAI to decide fast and also a parallel process to evaluate if this deployment can be done either on Microsoft HW (Azure Blob or Azure Compute) or with Microsoft NAND supply chain. > > SFDC: Opp-17629> SFDC Opp is right now calling out 'only' the HW for the first hall. > The plan is to ask for a SW PO that will cover the full scope of the project. > > Switches:  > Our SFDC quote doesn't include switches as 800Gig switches are still not available in our price book.> Please review the attached link for details: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rJexoRkZoWLIuX4yzpsb6Kqh55IReTsIPhwOFkZr1ec/edit?gid=824570336#gid=824570336.> The same comment on NAND applies here. I will check if Microsoft can source their own switches. > > Decision: > This is a decision between VAST and Azure Blob (Their original plan).> We aim to get a decision in the coming business days for a procurement decision before the end of January.> > Let me know if you need any other information,> Lior> > > > On Mon, Jan 5, 2026 at 8:40 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> I will share everything, in an organized way, within the next few hours. > I would like to wait for Ray to start his day in the UK to learn how flexible our configuration can be.> > Lior> > On Sun, Jan 4, 2026 at 5:06 PM Moshe Pinto <moshe@vastdata.com> wrote:> Is there an opportunity number ?> > regards, > Pinto> > On Sun, Jan 4, 2026, 08:02 Rick Scurfield <rick.scurfield@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi Regina -> > Hope you had a nice New Year! > > Just an fyi that I just spent about an hour with Lior on the Microsoft opportunity.  In the discussion, he mentioned that there is a possibility that we will need to ship a 57 x 57 configuration in the March timeframe.  I looked on the Hard/Soft Backlog list and don't see it, so giving you a heads up.  I asked Lior to send you the specific configuration that is expected.  Also note, that he mentioned that we would try to get the HW from Dell, but given recent info, I’m not sure that is going to be possible, and so giving you a heads up in case we need to make accommodations for it.  It should go on the Soft Backlog for now until we see how it firms up over the next few weeks.> > Rick> ---