---
type: "group-meeting"
created: { { DATE } }
title: "20251103 0807 Parallels Transcription"
participants: [{ { PARTICIPANTS } }]
ai_extracted: true
transcript_path: "00 Inbox/Transcripts/20251103 0807 Parallels Transcription.txt"
tags: [meeting, group]
---

# 20251103 0807 Parallels Transcription

**Date:** 2025-11-03  
**Participants:** Roy, Erwin, Asaf Levy, Yogev Shachar, Thomas, Dan, Shachar, Yaakov, Shelly, Sherry, Jeff, Gregor, Tzu

## Summary

Team reviewed the updated 5.5 plan: feature freeze next week, beta in January, restricted release in March. Debate on the typical gap to GA. Emphasis on technical debt and resilience (NDU latency, install fixes, support bundles, metrics scaling, testability). Platform/control fixes from field research; customerâ€‘facing items include old snapshots and delta cache. Softwareâ€‘defined eâ€‘box path discussed (CPU/memory config implications), with intent to reduce code changes and move toward configâ€‘based enablement in 5.6. Scope changes: several items deferred to 5.6 (e.g., SMB scale, SPDK target, DB projections); Query Engine DDL added in 5.5 but groupâ€‘by not included. Cloud: AWS/GCP minors (no decommission), Azure GA in 5.5; decommission only in 5.5. MD Migrate flagged as risky for a minor; consider limited customer rollout. NFSv4 event triggers for HTX targeting December beta. Hardware change management covered firmware updates, BOMs, sample quantities, and risk buys; supply risks on NICs/drives require alternate sources and quick actions. Followâ€‘ups set for Broadcom 4.2 justification, missing SCM line items, GMP POC clarity, and HTX darkâ€‘site install readiness.

## Key facts learned

- Feature freeze is next week; beta in January; restricted release in March
- Typical restricted-to-GA gap debated (usually ~5â€“6 weeks)
- Focus on technical debt/resilience: NDU latency, install fixes, support bundles
- Metrics scaling and improved eâ€‘box qualification/testability in AVMS
- Platform/control fixes from field research; customerâ€‘facing items include old snapshots and delta cache
- Softwareâ€‘defined eâ€‘box enablement aimed to avoid code changes; 5.6 to add config file approach
- Cloud: AWS/GCP minors exist without decommission; Azure GA planned for 5.5; decommission delivered in 5.5
- Query Engine: DDL in 5.5; group-by not included yet; focus on performance
- SMB scale deferred to 5.6; SPDK target and DB projections moved to 5.6
- MD Migrate considered risky for a minor; possible limited customer enablement
- NFSv4 event triggers for HTX targeting December beta
- Firmware updates planned; one item requires a new procedure not yet ready
- Hardware change management: risk buys needed to secure December QA quantities
- Supply risk on NICs (CX7) may require Broadcom path; price/supply pressure on drives
- Request to ensure alternate drive sources (three SCM and three 122 U.2 vendors)
- Goal to show database acceleration results by GTC (March)

## Outcomes

- 5.5 scope reaffirmed with noted deferrals and additions
- Action to pursue risk buys for SSDs to secure QA quantities by December
- Agreement to prepare a justification to evaluate Broadcom 4.2 option
- Plan to target database acceleration demo results by GTC
- Acknowledged need to revise OEM guidance for eâ€‘box configuration changes
- HTX NFSv4 event triggers on track for December beta; darkâ€‘site install timing flagged for review

## Decisions

- Azure GA is part of 5.5; decommission delivered in 5.5 for cloud flows
- Query Engine DDL included in 5.5; group-by not in 5.5
- SMB scale deferred to 5.6
- SPDK target and DB projections moved to 5.6
- NFSv4 delegations view-level added in 5.5
- Physical quota added in 5.5
- SMB server-side copy (SMBX copy) added in 5.5
- Broadcom 4.2 is not currently in 5.5 scope (requires separate justification)

## Action items

- [x] Create OEM guidance matrix for eâ€‘box configuration changes (CPU, memory, SSD) with estimated validation timelines @Hardware team â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Evaluate removal of ISOCPU dependency in favor of modern CPU affinity for softwareâ€‘defined eâ€‘box @Yogev Shachar ðŸ”¼ âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Schedule alignment meeting on softwareâ€‘defined eâ€‘box configuration and CPU/memory implications @Platform team ðŸ”¼ âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Finalize BOM and lab dates/quantities for g-node POC servers and start qualification work @Dan â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Define plan and timeline for database acceleration targeting GTC (beta goals, milestones) @Yaakov â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Define plan and timeline for database acceleration targeting GTC (beta goals, milestones) @Tzu â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Create justification for Broadcom 4.2 option and schedule discussion @Shelly â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Check and add SMI 3.2 SCM to 5.5 sampling/QA plan; confirm quantities @Shelly â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Submit risk buys for SSDs (E1L, SCM, UW2FMLK) to secure December QA quantities and lock forecast @Shelly ðŸ”º ðŸ“… 2025-11-04 âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Ensure alternate drive sources: secure three SCM vendors and three 122 U.2 vendors @Shelly â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Compile list of 5.5 beta customers/features (beyond HTX) for the next 1â€“2 months @Roy ðŸ”¼ âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Send clarified GMP POC document (5.5 vs 5.6 scope, risks) to stakeholders @Roy ðŸ”¼ âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Review HTX readiness for early-December dark-site production install; align with NFSv4 event triggers beta and adjust plan @HTX team â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Update FRD for AVMS scaling if tests exceed 100K views @AVMS team ðŸ”½ âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Decide on MD Migrate rollout strategy for 5.5 (general vs limited customers) and ensure disable/rollback safety @Jeff â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Confirm readiness or deferral for firmware item requiring new procedure @Hardware team ðŸ”¼ âœ… 2025-11-08

## Follow-ups

- [x] Revisit restricted-to-GA timeline and confirm plan (target 5â€“6 weeks) @Roy ðŸ”¼ âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Discuss Broadcom 4.2 path and NVIDIA CX7 supply exposure; agree on mitigation @Shelly â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Clarify Query Engine DDL usefulness and roadmap for aggregations (group-by, sum, count) @Query Engine team ðŸ”½ âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Close GMP POC scope, capabilities, and risks; ensure documentation reflects 5.5 vs 5.6 @Roy ðŸ”¼ âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Confirm g-node/Genoa acceleration demo readiness plan for GTC (milestones, owners) @Yaakov â« âœ… 2025-11-08
- [x] Validate sample quantities and QA timelines for all listed SSDs; adjust risk buys if needed @Shelly â« âœ… 2025-11-08

## Risks

- Short restricted-to-GA gap may stress validation
- MD Migrate is a large change for a minor release and may not be disable-safe
- Increased DB cells is at risk and may slip
- Supply constraints and cost increases on NICs/drives (CX7, SCM, 122 U.2) without alternates
- Firmware item requiring new procedure not ready for 5.5
- Insufficient hardware samples may compress QA timelines
- HTX dark-site production install planned for early December may precede beta readiness
- Unfinalized BOMs (e.g., g-node) delay start of qualification/integration

## Open questions

- What exact restricted-to-GA duration will be used for 5.5?
- What is the concrete value/use of Query Engine DDL in 5.5 without group-by and broader aggregations?
- Should MD Migrate be limited to specific customers in 5.5, and can it be disabled/rolled back safely?
- Are we proceeding now with removing ISOCPU in favor of CPU affinity for software-defined eâ€‘box?
- What are the final semantics and UX for 'old snapshots'?
- What is the finalized BOM and schedule for g-node/Genoa POC servers?
- Will firmware item #4â€™s required procedure be ready for 5.5 or deferred?
- Which customers will participate in the 5.5 beta beyond HTX?
- Is the HTX dark-site install in early December acceptable given feature readiness?
- Do we have confirmed alternate sources for SCM and 122 U.2 drives to mitigate price/supply risk?

---

## Transcript (auto)

```text
[00:00:00.06]   Remoteon 3.9 starts. Okay, this is the updated timeline. Feature freeze should be next week. This puts the beta release in January and the restricted release in March. This shouldn't change. This is up to date with the current risk and delays we had with the current features and teams. So unless anything unexpected happens, we hope to be aligned as much as possible. Of course, we'll have some surprises at the end, but this is the plan. - Okay, Roy, so normally between restricted release and GA, it's about three months. You have about one month here. Is that a fact? Because that's huge. We usually count six weeks. It's the first minor. Is it three months? No, no. It's six weeks, and it should be the first minor between those two days. Okay. Well, that's less than six weeks. I can tell you that normally we want to do a month but it's really related to the implementation plan and normally when we have more early pre-GA beta it's easier for us to do GA Very fast, I don't know, but normally it goes like five weeks or it might be a little bit more than that, I think. This is the checklist, if you want to talk about it. the slide, Erwin? Um, nothing important. We can skip it. Yeah. Okay, um, I wanted to emphasize a lot of, uh, technical depths and resilience improvements we have in this version, uh, in several, uh, teams, so uh, you can we have both NDU latency improvements, which is a major effort at the moment, and also installations fixes we are working on. There is also a big feature to support several support bundle requests, mostly from support, also from customers like Genstreet. We are scaling the metrics, we are working on better qualification process of the e-boxes. This is mostly in the VMS area and the next version will have it also in the platform area, and also added some testability. enablements in AVMS. In the platform and control area, we have several fixes and features we added after Asaf Levy did some research about the use and other issues from the field. So we came up with those five features. in 5.5, and also in the data patent protocol there, we've got some, there are, some are tech depth and internal features, and some are also customer facing. So we have also performance fixes, and also some features that are customer facing. facing like old snapshots and and the gm delta cache what is old snapshots um there is the the hidden uh the hidden snapshot feature to not show it No, so it's the secondary access point to all snapshots that are taken independently. Okay, and are we doing something regarding software-defined? Yes. No, not yet. it's for adding new ebooks in a software defined manner so you come with a new ebooks and VMS doesn't need to change it's code okay so VMS So, VMS doesn't need and Platonics don't need to change any code? They don't need to change any code. If this node has a monitor that is not standout, it will have any code. available in this specific monitoring, and then what I would possibly do next is to fix it by adding a new type of platform. What is the name of the platform? Over the time CPU, like... The platform needs to change three screens today. NVMe CLI, Configure Network. and i don't remember the third one a nicer cpu and this and if it's the same cpu they don't need just if it's a different cpu yes okay and in 5.6 we left zero but also from platform yes so when i came back we will have this uh week uh meeting to see we are all in line I wonder also, even if we are switching CPUs, would you think it's fine for the actual CPU? It's not just the actual CPU, it's the amount of memory. Yeah, the one with silos, the engine silo and so on, it's like this can also be quick, I can start. I agree, I agree, okay. Okay, so we do have a spec for standard EBOX configuration, so we are, we do push for that. So, uh, but... if we get inquests for a non-standard hardware, how much more time does that take to qualify? - So it depends. We did a few in 5.4, like CloudStrike and Tesla and so on. It really depends on what is the size of the hardware. deviation. For example, in counts like it was with the TCP instead of RDMA, it was a large change. Others is less significant. It can be done in a few weeks. But in general, the goal is high five if it's this. In what case there will be no code but QA and if it's a different server, a different CPU. In 5.6 we will have a config file but it will require someone to understand how to set up the CPU and stuff. But then they will not need to change anything because it will be a config file. Okay, okay, so we need to see if we if we want to revise our guidance right because we have we have a program right of like, you know, ebox with the same config this is the number of weeks ebox with different config, you know, there's the number of weeks so we need to look at that we need to change that my hope is that if we can do everything with our code maybe we can do integration in the customer sites even but when you need to change code it becomes a little bit difficult without sending to our site but I don't think it will be 5.6 any co-changing of 5.5. It's still less than a week of work, of R&D, but then you have QA. It would be, like what Thomas said, it would be nice to have a guise when we approach the e-box, OEM guise, because... say okay well if you want to change CPU you can you can estimate this much longer if it's a memory change is this much longer and so on different SST change maybe I can suggest something else I I suggest that what you think that is good for the business if you will come to us - We will always, of course, always, always, of course. - Okay, because not always it is easy to really quantify it and a lot of time, this one is two days, this one is two months, and things like that. - Okay. - But I can tell you what will happen eventually. You know what I'm going to say. - Yes, I do. I'll say it anyway. I mean, we have the fast track and we have the, we call it full validation, right? These are the two levels. But it's not like it's going to change a little bit. Yeah. Okay, let's let's move on For a lot of things because of the partnership not because they are Okay, let's Ok, Yogev Shachar, we had an old idea of removing the ISOCPU dependency and work in a more modern CPU allocation. Isn't it the right time to do it with this software-defined implementation? Or do we want to keep the old ISOCPU in the OS for long? I don't know this method, I know this and CPU affinity, but it's the same, but we can talk about it. I think it's smarter to do it now than continuing with the tagging that we're doing in the kernel, if it's possible. Okay okay so I hope you all got the memo in the mail last week in order to not surprise now. So this is the changes made since phase gate one. You can see in the left what features were neither removed or had some internal changes within them, and in the right you can see which features were added since the GetOne. So I will quickly review it. only scaling the views in 5.5. The goal is currently 100K. If we reach more in the test, we will update the FRD. With the vaston clouds and FadeGet run, we had several changes. So whoever is not aware, we have the GCP. and AWS in earliest versions, in the minor versions. Azure GA is 5.5, but we're also working on a POC now, and for all of those three, decommission will be only part of 5.5. So the MVPs in the minor versions are not including decommission, removing the VM. Query engine group by is not in 5.5 but we did add a DDL. SMB scale is deferred to 5.6. Increased DB sales is at risk, probably will be deferred. Full server SSDK. So we had several features within it. The first three are the ones that will be in 5.5, and the SDK forestry database will be 5.6. SPDK target moved to 5.6, and the DB projections also moved to 5.6. On the right, you see-- Your main target projection, not projection. Yes, fully salted projection. Projection, wait. We don't have the talking. I can show you how. I have a dumb question about Query Engine. So you say group by is not in 5.5. We added DDL. But what can you use it for in 5.5? Not a lot, things like sum, count, things like that. Not a lot. - But I mean, where does it feel, is it that we would use it for general database usage or is this just an extension for vector search? - So the reason we did, the main reason we did it was for vector, but from our point of view it's a step at all. the more useful aggregations. Yes, I think we are trying to fix the thing that we felt is important for them to fix. Okay, well we can talk about it later, but I still don't understand what it's good for, if it doesn't support most things, so you guys can help me understand later. - Yes, but I think we will focus on excellent performance rather than more engine functionality, okay? - Yeah, yeah, okay. - So MDMigrate moved from 5.4.2? That's new to me. I think it's too risky for a minor, I don't know. I'm just shaking. It's a big change for a minor, really. So I think we can do it, but I believe it's a little bit too much risk for a minor version. Will we be able to give it? to customers you know with with hand-holding or something because there are some some situations we need to address like Verizon for example they're stuck and waiting for this okay let's discard case-by-case but in general I don't see that many that are waiting to be honest it's not a lot You're right, so that's why I asked you to be specific. I was thinking about allowing two customers only with like two specific customers but it's a little bit risky and I don't want it to like, in any case, I don't want it at a different point in time. or to get it automatically going up, okay? The problem is the feature that you cannot disable it. It's already upstairs, right? >> Yeah. >> Okay. You're not talking about what you added? - I do, I just let you finish the discussion. - Okay. - Yeah. So the main thing is the NFS4 event triggers for HTX. We have a beta at December. So this is work in progress. We added the DB partitions, Delta cache. We added some fixes from the field, both in S3 and SMB, mainly from Pasteur and FMI, but also other performance fixes. Physical quota was something HRT requested, which we added to 5.5. We discussed all snapshots. We have some gaps in L3 which we try to conclude in 5.5, the main thing is the VRF, the other Those will be probably addressed in the next versions. SMBX copy, server-side copy, added to 5.5 recently. NFS4 delegations was in 5.4, but view level was missed, so we added it in 5.5, and both BlockUS and MDMIME. I get deferred from 5.4, so we are qualifying it in 5.5. Okay, okay. This is the same list we had in phase gate one, other than the changes I presented before, so. If someone wants to discuss anything specific, they can, but I don't think we need to go over it again. New firmwares. It fixes a new firmware that I listed with the hardware team, we will quickly review it. Item number 4 requires also some new procedure we probably will not do in 5.5 because we don't have it yet. But we do have the new firmware, so this is still TBD. - We have several fixes for some hotspots in several SSDs. - I can take this one, Ray. So this is hybrid change management. We have three buckets. This first bucket was approved a few months ago. ago there's nothing really new here some deferred hardware from 5.4 like the XDR's there's the Pfizer A1L series V2 requested for supply continuity uh any questions on this side okay this one is more recent uh this we this was approved last week If someone has also been on the table for a while, like a Gino, we're just finalizing the BOM with the hardware team. Let's define the dates that we needed for in the lab. We found that, and the coordinates for the QA. Because same Gino. We need to know when we get the first one far in there, how many we need for the second one. Yeah, so we have the second POC server coming this week, and we're finalising the bomb for them. I know, but it seems like we missed 5.5. Bye. See you, Gregor. request. No, I left. The feature freeze is next week, I thought. No, no, it didn't start any work. That's the problem. Like let's assume it's a month of work. Okay, and we need, let's get it, and we want to work on it, even if it's not the iPad, but we need to start thinking about how much we get to pay for each one of them. when because we don't want to reach like the last month of the Q&A and say okay now we have of them and so many times. So we have a separate slide on how to run with all quantities, the g-node we don't have a discussion yet. The g-node is very old because we were in a meeting in Ogamu, finally the bomb if you remember oh there's two units okay yes it's it gave us two units it interacted it's coming this week no i think for the new one the one dollar one oh yeah it was a different it was a different ball but why was that different that is from july okay what is the difference Nevermind, so why does it matter? Why does it matter? Why is it really important to not finalize? - That was Dan. - So you can do a discussion with Dan, it doesn't mean that the book is not finalized. Shachar approved the book, Asav was there. I don't manage the fact that you discuss something with Dan and then after we already ordered. Wait for it. Wait for it. We come back to a state where the bonus don't finalize, where the bonus finalize. I say that the problem is not. The problem is that around the day of the fidget, we have to get it to start working on it. we have. I'm not even sure that it's much of a difference. I don't know. Okay, we didn't start the walk, so it's not a task. It's us? It's us. I'm only asking why the boomerang, why took them out. That was before the meeting actually. We didn't plan it, like, yeah. We did the walk. Yes, and, uh, Gertrude didn't support it. Yes. I didn't have enough quantities for the NQH, I didn't intend to do it. Like any other project, I think. I think what we are planning to do is to do a research work on COVIDS. We said two things. One is that it will work like a CNO, and we will also do... experience working with the vector on the... Yeah, I think it, I think we need to, for general, we need to like, uh, put, like, dynamic acceleration, uh, beta, or something like that, and height, so let's, let's, uh, write it down and try to, okay, like, we want to do something with, So it means that we need a beta for like, I don't remember when, in March, so probably we need to show something later in January in order to release it. There's an FRD, you need to close the FRD to launch it as a project. I'm not sure it's an FRD. There is an FRD. There is an FRD. There is an FRD. Why do we say we need to close it? It's the reason. No, no.INTERPOSING VOICESINTERPOSING VOICES I'm talking aboutINAUDIBLE OK, so what's the answer? Sorry.INAUDIBLE Y'all get it. - No, we didn't. - Y'all get it. - Tonight, there will be a chance to understand later why, what exactly Yakov and I talked, such that it was not finalized. This is one. Second, Tzu and me, we're going to find out the plan and end the database acceleration that used the geometry. Yes, but we probably will deliver it, and I think the goal is to deliver performance results better for GTC. Yes, and when is GTC? It's aligned with development, yeah, until March, right? Okay. All right. but probably we didn't like to show just to to bring it up like at least a month before GTC now that we have someone talk about it, right? Okay, I need to go to a meeting, sorry, thank you. Okay, and then this third bucket is ones that are not not included. We're talking about 5.5 again, we're still in discussions, the Broadcom's 4.2, we have... Wait, Broadcom 4.2 is not part of 5.5. It's not in 5.5. So I see it. This is a potential market. No, it's not potential even. We haven't talked about it as part of 5.5. So we talked about unchanged value. you last week, but it's not an official request, it's pending the requirements. I don't know why it's here, it's not here, it's not pending us, it's not pending us, we cannot do it. I think that's fine, I think because we are with Stance Evans, I mean literally buying them on the gray market and it's costly. So let's talk about it, let's talk about it, but just writing here that's told through bending knobs, I don't know what I'm supposed to understand from it, that doesn't make any sense. So all, we'll put it together, but I mean it definitely, I mean if we end up having to have because NVIDIA cannot continue to support the quantity for CX7, we will be at risk. So we need to speak about it, Sherry, we need to speak about it, we need to walk the way down the ladder, you know, to see it here as a side note. Understood. Okay. So you get, so it sounds like you were not aware before we put this on. Yes. We had a change management meeting last week, he was not able to make it, and we sent out the slides to the team for feedback. No, it's not correct that I was not able to make it. Yaakov showed me the agenda, I told him that for this agenda, which was not, didn't include top two as I remember, but a lot... item I told you that for this agenda I need Shachar in the change management and hence he said we will find a different time later he said we don't need the change management meeting so it's not correct that I didn't manage to come I said that I cannot be in this change management meeting without Shachar. okay Okay, so the option from here though is just for me to create the justification for Broadcom and we'll discuss it, so that's fine, and I think the next one as well, Shelly, right, the NBG switch, that's also something we need to discuss once we get the part of the plans. Which is simply, by the way, it's a totally- different things the other switch is much simpler yeah and the kiosks are we're stuck at the moment kiosks originally agreed to give us drives and then retracted it either we need to purchase it or we need to find another solution I'm just putting it here you know for the record but it's 955 at the moment And the last one here is the opening night opportunity. I understand all these work in 5.4.1. The first test units arriving this week. Again, just running here for the record, it's not officially in 5.5, but it's something that is potentially coming. - Can you go back to the previous slide? Making sure you're aware of all these things. Jeff, are you aware of this slide here? I'm aware of it. I don't, I'm not aware of this top two, which is the only one that I'm worried about. Which one? The top two, the bottom top two. Every, just to remind you, if you recall, and we try to walk with a tall one, and we fail, we totally fail engineering-wise. So if we must do it, okay, but let's sort it out in 20 years. It's fine. No, we should have a discussion. It was just a misunderstanding, normally you should be already in the know before you see on the slide during review, so I agree. So let's still talk about it. (indistinct) So just Sean was asking for a slide of where we're having samples in Dell, so this is what we've put together. There are a couple of items where we're hanging risk files when it's sent out to Freedic, so the FISIN, SMI, E1Ls, the Series V2, and the FISIN UW2FMLK. So those we, we're getting sample, we have samples, we're about to get samples, and then we're planning to put the RISC-V in now for December. So hopefully enough time for QA for the 5.5 release, 10 clusters each. We're putting them through as conditional POs, so only if the qualification is successful. it's a low risk uh risk buy. Wait I think I'm missing HMI SCM's. So that's not in 5.5 we're starting out for series B3. So that so that was that's a long way. I don't want to you to have single source which is not good. In general, at the moment for 122, we have only 5 zones which make us have some hard time regarding performance. So if we can get also the SCMs. okay so i i was gonna i was actually i say the same thing you did i don't see smi 3.2 why is it in here which one sorry smi 3.2 scm where is it here for the e1l no scm oh for the no you got to you know tools yes this is what i'm missing here we need to i agree no i'm I thought I mentioned this to you several times, shall we? Okay, great, let me check on that, okay, please. So just to be very clear, you guys all understand the supply and exchange surrender and the price increases that are coming, so without alternate sources, we don't have more supply. why? We can't get, we can't be, I can't negotiate price. So we need three SEMs, three 122 ULs. Very clear, so everyone understands. Please. Yes, I know a lot is testing the UL2, I wasn't aware it was officially added to Fund 5, but I will change that. So this is basically what we were saying, we need the risk bias so we can get the drive allocation on time to QA, and because of the quality issue, we want to make sure we have enough sources, and by virtue of the risk bias, we can get the drive allocation on time to QA, and because of the quality issue, we want to make sure we have enough sources, and by virtue of the risk bias, we can get the drive allocation on time to QA, and I mean, we're asked tomorrow so we can finalize a built time for the forecast. Yeah, we have a, I suggested several features for better. Other than HTX, I don't know of any better customer for 5.5 at the moment, so I think we need to compile a list in the near month or two. If you think of other features, please let me know, and if you think of some customers interested in something, also please let me know. Oh, we lost. We need to understand. Or especially for GMP, right, this POC, right, it comes up quite often, and we need we need to understand what's what's behind the POC. What will it be able to do? the what are the risks and things like that okay i'll tag you in the i'll send you the doc it's we understood it's not very clear and we clarified it so what's coming 5.5 is as mentioned only for poc you can get clone on the loan side you get the same performance stuff like that and it also listed what's not in 5.5 and it is in 5.6, so I'll make sure it's clear in the document as well. Can I ask to think about HTX later? Reason being I'm scheduling to install it on the first week of December on a dark site in production. it's sounds too early for this it is it's very very very very very very we already have the security clearance and we are booked to go there and install it so let's talk And that's it. - Great, thank you. Hopefully somebody took meeting minutes. There was a lot of questions out of this, great. Thank you. - Thank you.
```
