# VAST & OpenAI- Weekly Account Pursuit Update (Jan 2, 2026)- Exported: 2026-01-05 17:30:05- Messages: 1---## 2026-01-04 21:19:41 — Brian Linhart <brian.linhart@vastdata.com>**Subject:** VAST & OpenAI- Weekly Account Pursuit Update (Jan 2, 2026)> Happy New Year all,> > Hope everyone had a great holiday season and is refreshed as we start the month long sprint to the finish of the FY! It was a quiet couple weeks in terms of general OpenAI updates and news, so I combined the updates for this week. There were a lot of  'year look back' and 'what's ahead for OpenAI' type articles (which I can send anyone's way if they want), but most are opinion/ editorial so I did not include them in the update below.> > We have a touch base this week with the OpenAI team on the POC timeline/resources start, and are working on more education for the Nvidia team who works with OpenAI, so should have more substantive updates in the next couple weeks.> > Please reach out if you need anything!> > All the best,> Brian> > VAST @ OpenAI (Pursuit)-> Update: Week ending January 2nd, 2025>  OpenAI related meetings & discussions this week (Customer, Partner, Ecosystem):> o   Meeting this Tuesday with OpenAI team for next steps on POC, resource availability, and start date.> Pertinent/New OpenAI news (internal)> o   Softbank completed funding of their $40B investment in OpenAI prior to the EOY deadline> o   OpenAI first HW device rumored to be ‘audio-based’ device with new GPT models. (also moved manufacturing order to Foxconn)> Open Activities> o   Lindsay working w/Nvidia team to schedule follow up meeting with specialist teams.> o   Please continue to action leads as they are added for mutual connections> o   https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FVZHNZ4L2W_e8DERmoLeutKaWO2u7qPNyLj3zVi3H8w/edit?gid=0#gid=0> General OpenAI News Links> o   Tom’s Guide- OpenAI eye’s potential acquisition of Pinterest  LINK> o   The Economist- OpenAI faces make or break year in 2026 LINK> > _____________￼>   > > Brian Linhart> Ae- Strategic Accounts > > brian.linhart@vastdata.com | 925.963.7795> LinkedIn> vastdata.com> > ---