# Re: Throwing Up The *Red Flare* on Azure MAI- Exported: 2026-01-04 17:25:49- Messages: 4---## 2025-12-27 17:15:37 — Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Throwing Up The *Red Flare* on Azure MAI> As discussed with a few of you, I’m moving quickly to a point of having no confidence in a Q1 deal with MAI… I suspect our lack of aggression might be the key contributor, so this is me trying to get everyone back on track.> > What we know:> Microsoft needs 2EB on the floor this year > Supply chain is in turmoil (globally). We likely have no supply chain to support this natively from Arrow / Avnet > Microsoft is in an equally bad spot supply chain wise, but they have a large allocation across Azure > Microsoft is considering HDDs for the first April delivery for MAI scale-up, HDDs are also screwed > Testing hasn’t started in earnest at CoreWeave > We’ve not started any commercial discussions with them about this deal > > Where is my head at?> > This is taking too long and Microsoft doesn’t have the luxury of time because of supply chain complications that are somewhat beyond their control. They can’t make the storage decision last minute b/c of their own internal bullshit politics.  HDDs are also not abundant, and 2EB of infra is a big deal whatever way you slice it.  To ensure that their GPUs are put to good use as soon as they have them - Microsoft needs to order hardware very early, and they therefore need to also make a decision on SW since each SW choice has serious implications on the overall HW purchase.  VAST is (by far) the most efficient use of infra, so let’s make that happen.> > Next steps:> > I talked with Jonsi and Lior on Monday and asked them to get much smarter on where Microsoft sits, supply chain wise.  (No update as of yet… but this is critical information that we need ASAP to know how to guide the deal).   >  > I really think that someone (between Lior & Jonsi) needs to be in Redmond immediately upon the start of the new year to start the commercial conversation.  When we closed the first CoreWeave - we had Andy and Leo working out of the CoreWeave offices every day…that strategy netted us $1.5B in bookings so far, so let’s assume it works.  Point is… we cannot close this deal from Israel and/or Iceland… we need to be all over these guys ASAP. > >  > We need to move into a mode where we assume the CoreWeave testing is largely a bullshit, cosmetic exercise that will confirm what they already know (VAST just works at scale). > >  > By the second week of January we need to be having real supply chain / build conversations with them. > >  > By the third week of January, we need to have Renen in Redmond meeting with probably Scott G to come to a philosophical agreement about the first tranche and how this will expand over time (to make sure they’re comfortable scaling with VAST) > >  > Then, during the last week of January… paperwork. > > If we miss any of these milestones, I assign zero probability of this deal closing.> > We can spend all the time talking about their politics. While understanding Microsoft (Maneesh said this, Aung did this, etc.) is important to know how to navigate this environment, what’s needed now is a specific set of actions that result in a January first order.> > Let me know how I can help here Lior and Jonsi.> > Jeff> ---## 2025-12-29 04:37:04 — Jonsi Stefansson <jonsi@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: Throwing Up The *Red Flare* on Azure MAI> Hey Jeff > > I took those meetings with Aung and Maneesh and they are expecting an integration proposal with Azure Blob, from us, me and Jason can hopefully sync today or tomorrow on that proposal, then we are going to be setting up that engineering workshop in Redmond in January,  I did send out a bunch of emails to people I know in Microsoft trying to figure out where they are in terms of their supply chain, and the need they have going forward for their largest platforms, pitching the DRR of VAST and how we can save them in these crisis ……. Sadly, I just got OOO auto reply from all of them saying they are returning on January 5th. > > I will be following up with them today just so I keep getting to the top of their inbox. > >  > ---> Jonsi Stefansson > GM of Cloud VAST data> +3546987478 (while in Iceland)> +14079510436 (while in US)>  > > From: Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com>> Date: Sunday, 28 December 2025 at 00:15> To: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>, Jonsi Stefansson <jonsi@vastdata.com>> Cc: Rick Scurfield <rick.scurfield@vastdata.com>, Renen Hallak <renen@vastdata.com>, Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>> Subject: Throwing Up The *Red Flare* on Azure MAI> > As discussed with a few of you, I’m moving quickly to a point of having no confidence in a Q1 deal with MAI… I suspect our lack of aggression might be the key contributor, so this is me trying to get everyone back on track.> > What we know:> Microsoft needs 2EB on the floor this year > Supply chain is in turmoil (globally). We likely have no supply chain to support this natively from Arrow / Avnet > Microsoft is in an equally bad spot supply chain wise, but they have a large allocation across Azure > Microsoft is considering HDDs for the first April delivery for MAI scale-up, HDDs are also screwed > Testing hasn’t started in earnest at CoreWeave > We’ve not started any commercial discussions with them about this deal > > Where is my head at?> > This is taking too long and Microsoft doesn’t have the luxury of time because of supply chain complications that are somewhat beyond their control. They can’t make the storage decision last minute b/c of their own internal bullshit politics.  HDDs are also not abundant, and 2EB of infra is a big deal whatever way you slice it.  To ensure that their GPUs are put to good use as soon as they have them - Microsoft needs to order hardware very early, and they therefore need to also make a decision on SW since each SW choice has serious implications on the overall HW purchase.  VAST is (by far) the most efficient use of infra, so let’s make that happen.> > Next steps:> > I talked with Jonsi and Lior on Monday and asked them to get much smarter on where Microsoft sits, supply chain wise.  (No update as of yet… but this is critical information that we need ASAP to know how to guide the deal).   >  > I really think that someone (between Lior & Jonsi) needs to be in Redmond immediately upon the start of the new year to start the commercial conversation.  When we closed the first CoreWeave - we had Andy and Leo working out of the CoreWeave offices every day…that strategy netted us $1.5B in bookings so far, so let’s assume it works.  Point is… we cannot close this deal from Israel and/or Iceland… we need to be all over these guys ASAP. > >  > We need to move into a mode where we assume the CoreWeave testing is largely a bullshit, cosmetic exercise that will confirm what they already know (VAST just works at scale). > >  > By the second week of January we need to be having real supply chain / build conversations with them. > >  > By the third week of January, we need to have Renen in Redmond meeting with probably Scott G to come to a philosophical agreement about the first tranche and how this will expand over time (to make sure they’re comfortable scaling with VAST) > >  > Then, during the last week of January… paperwork. > > If we miss any of these milestones, I assign zero probability of this deal closing.> > We can spend all the time talking about their politics. While understanding Microsoft (Maneesh said this, Aung did this, etc.) is important to know how to navigate this environment, what’s needed now is a specific set of actions that result in a January first order.> > Let me know how I can help here Lior and Jonsi.> > Jeff> ---## 2026-01-01 06:12:26 — Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: Throwing Up The *Red Flare* on Azure MAI> Here’s me throwing up the flare again. > We’re not communicating actively enough. > > In the meantime, Azure is selling. > Time for daily updates?  How can we help?? > > https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsofts-392-billion-cloud-backlog-101500593.html> > > Jeff Denworth> VAST Data> 856-383-8849> > > On Mon, Dec 29, 2025 at 6:37 AM Jonsi Stefansson <jonsi@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hey Jeff > > I took those meetings with Aung and Maneesh and they are expecting an integration proposal with Azure Blob, from us, me and Jason can hopefully sync today or tomorrow on that proposal, then we are going to be setting up that engineering workshop in Redmond in January,  I did send out a bunch of emails to people I know in Microsoft trying to figure out where they are in terms of their supply chain, and the need they have going forward for their largest platforms, pitching the DRR of VAST and how we can save them in these crisis ……. Sadly, I just got OOO auto reply from all of them saying they are returning on January 5th. > > I will be following up with them today just so I keep getting to the top of their inbox. > >  > ---> Jonsi Stefansson > GM of Cloud VAST data> +3546987478 (while in Iceland)> +14079510436 (while in US)>  > > From: Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com>> Date: Sunday, 28 December 2025 at 00:15> To: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>, Jonsi Stefansson <jonsi@vastdata.com>> Cc: Rick Scurfield <rick.scurfield@vastdata.com>, Renen Hallak <renen@vastdata.com>, Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>> Subject: Throwing Up The *Red Flare* on Azure MAI> > As discussed with a few of you, I’m moving quickly to a point of having no confidence in a Q1 deal with MAI… I suspect our lack of aggression might be the key contributor, so this is me trying to get everyone back on track.> > What we know:> Microsoft needs 2EB on the floor this year > Supply chain is in turmoil (globally). We likely have no supply chain to support this natively from Arrow / Avnet > Microsoft is in an equally bad spot supply chain wise, but they have a large allocation across Azure > Microsoft is considering HDDs for the first April delivery for MAI scale-up, HDDs are also screwed > Testing hasn’t started in earnest at CoreWeave > We’ve not started any commercial discussions with them about this deal > > Where is my head at?> > This is taking too long and Microsoft doesn’t have the luxury of time because of supply chain complications that are somewhat beyond their control. They can’t make the storage decision last minute b/c of their own internal bullshit politics.  HDDs are also not abundant, and 2EB of infra is a big deal whatever way you slice it.  To ensure that their GPUs are put to good use as soon as they have them - Microsoft needs to order hardware very early, and they therefore need to also make a decision on SW since each SW choice has serious implications on the overall HW purchase.  VAST is (by far) the most efficient use of infra, so let’s make that happen.> > Next steps:> > I talked with Jonsi and Lior on Monday and asked them to get much smarter on where Microsoft sits, supply chain wise.  (No update as of yet… but this is critical information that we need ASAP to know how to guide the deal).   >  > I really think that someone (between Lior & Jonsi) needs to be in Redmond immediately upon the start of the new year to start the commercial conversation.  When we closed the first CoreWeave - we had Andy and Leo working out of the CoreWeave offices every day…that strategy netted us $1.5B in bookings so far, so let’s assume it works.  Point is… we cannot close this deal from Israel and/or Iceland… we need to be all over these guys ASAP. > >  > We need to move into a mode where we assume the CoreWeave testing is largely a bullshit, cosmetic exercise that will confirm what they already know (VAST just works at scale). > >  > By the second week of January we need to be having real supply chain / build conversations with them. > >  > By the third week of January, we need to have Renen in Redmond meeting with probably Scott G to come to a philosophical agreement about the first tranche and how this will expand over time (to make sure they’re comfortable scaling with VAST) > >  > Then, during the last week of January… paperwork. > > If we miss any of these milestones, I assign zero probability of this deal closing.> > We can spend all the time talking about their politics. While understanding Microsoft (Maneesh said this, Aung did this, etc.) is important to know how to navigate this environment, what’s needed now is a specific set of actions that result in a January first order.> > Let me know how I can help here Lior and Jonsi.> > Jeff> ---## 2026-01-02 09:21:45 — Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: Throwing Up The *Red Flare* on Azure MAI> Updates?> > > > > From: Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com>> Date: Thursday, January 1, 2026 at 8:12 AM> To: Jonsi Stefansson <jonsi@vastdata.com>> Cc: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>, Rick Scurfield <rick.scurfield@vastdata.com>, Renen Hallak <renen@vastdata.com>, Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>> Subject: Re: Throwing Up The *Red Flare* on Azure MAI> > Here’s me throwing up the flare again. > We’re not communicating actively enough. > > In the meantime, Azure is selling. > Time for daily updates?  How can we help?? > > https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsofts-392-billion-cloud-backlog-101500593.html> > > Jeff Denworth> VAST Data> 856-383-8849> > > On Mon, Dec 29, 2025 at 6:37 AM Jonsi Stefansson <jonsi@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hey Jeff > > I took those meetings with Aung and Maneesh and they are expecting an integration proposal with Azure Blob, from us, me and Jason can hopefully sync today or tomorrow on that proposal, then we are going to be setting up that engineering workshop in Redmond in January,  I did send out a bunch of emails to people I know in Microsoft trying to figure out where they are in terms of their supply chain, and the need they have going forward for their largest platforms, pitching the DRR of VAST and how we can save them in these crisis ……. Sadly, I just got OOO auto reply from all of them saying they are returning on January 5th. > > I will be following up with them today just so I keep getting to the top of their inbox. > >  > ---> Jonsi Stefansson> GM of Cloud VAST data> +3546987478 (while in Iceland)> +14079510436 (while in US)>  > From: Jeff Denworth <jeff@vastdata.com>> Date: Sunday, 28 December 2025 at 00:15> To: Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>, Jonsi Stefansson <jonsi@vastdata.com>> Cc: Rick Scurfield <rick.scurfield@vastdata.com>, Renen Hallak <renen@vastdata.com>, Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com>> Subject: Throwing Up The *Red Flare* on Azure MAI> > As discussed with a few of you, I’m moving quickly to a point of having no confidence in a Q1 deal with MAI… I suspect our lack of aggression might be the key contributor, so this is me trying to get everyone back on track.> > What we know:> Microsoft needs 2EB on the floor this year > Supply chain is in turmoil (globally). We likely have no supply chain to support this natively from Arrow / Avnet > Microsoft is in an equally bad spot supply chain wise, but they have a large allocation across Azure > Microsoft is considering HDDs for the first April delivery for MAI scale-up, HDDs are also screwed > Testing hasn’t started in earnest at CoreWeave > We’ve not started any commercial discussions with them about this deal > > Where is my head at?> > This is taking too long and Microsoft doesn’t have the luxury of time because of supply chain complications that are somewhat beyond their control. They can’t make the storage decision last minute b/c of their own internal bullshit politics.  HDDs are also not abundant, and 2EB of infra is a big deal whatever way you slice it.  To ensure that their GPUs are put to good use as soon as they have them - Microsoft needs to order hardware very early, and they therefore need to also make a decision on SW since each SW choice has serious implications on the overall HW purchase.  VAST is (by far) the most efficient use of infra, so let’s make that happen.> > Next steps:> > I talked with Jonsi and Lior on Monday and asked them to get much smarter on where Microsoft sits, supply chain wise.  (No update as of yet… but this is critical information that we need ASAP to know how to guide the deal).   >  > I really think that someone (between Lior & Jonsi) needs to be in Redmond immediately upon the start of the new year to start the commercial conversation.  When we closed the first CoreWeave - we had Andy and Leo working out of the CoreWeave offices every day…that strategy netted us $1.5B in bookings so far, so let’s assume it works.  Point is… we cannot close this deal from Israel and/or Iceland… we need to be all over these guys ASAP. > >  > We need to move into a mode where we assume the CoreWeave testing is largely a bullshit, cosmetic exercise that will confirm what they already know (VAST just works at scale). > >  > By the second week of January we need to be having real supply chain / build conversations with them. > >  > By the third week of January, we need to have Renen in Redmond meeting with probably Scott G to come to a philosophical agreement about the first tranche and how this will expand over time (to make sure they’re comfortable scaling with VAST) > >  > Then, during the last week of January… paperwork. > > If we miss any of these milestones, I assign zero probability of this deal closing.> > We can spend all the time talking about their politics. While understanding Microsoft (Maneesh said this, Aung did this, etc.) is important to know how to navigate this environment, what’s needed now is a specific set of actions that result in a January first order.> > Let me know how I can help here Lior and Jonsi.> > Jeff> ---