# RFE Alert: RFE 0538 - Documentation RFE Submitted to PM - NTT DATA Japan Corporation- Exported: 2026-01-05 17:30:01- Messages: 1---## 2026-01-05 09:19:47 — Robert Benoit <robert.benoit@vastdata.com>**Subject:** RFE Alert: RFE 0538 - Documentation RFE Submitted to PM - NTT DATA Japan Corporation> Hello PM Team,> > An RFE has been submitted to PM team and approved by Robert Benoit.> > Required Action:> Please navigate to the RFE Record in Salesforce.> Link the RFE to the correct Related Feature> > Link to RFE:> https://vastdata.my.salesforce.com/a6HV4000000A6c1> > Please see the RFE information below:> > Related Records:> Account Name: NTT DATA Japan Corporation> Opportunity Name: > Opportunity Amount: 0> Opportunity Close Date: > > RFE Information:> Sales Engineer: Masashige Mito> RFE Type: Documentation> Use Case Catefory: > > Description:> Starting from VAST OS 5.3, the use of underscores ("_") in tenant names is no longer supported. While this worked in version 5.2.x, it now triggers the following error message: > > "Only following symbols are allowed: all English letters, digits, special characters '-' and '.'" > > Currently, this limitation is not explicitly stated in the documentation. Consequently, customers only discover this during the configuration phase, forcing them to reconsider their naming schemes and causing unexpected delays during deployment. > > Please update the relevant documents (Administrator Guide, CLI Command reference, etc.) to clearly reflect these character restrictions for VAST OS 5.3 and later. > > For more context, please see the internal discussion here: https://vastdata.slack.com/archives/C05DWBEGGES/p1765790620090499> > Deal Blocker: No> > > Value Proposition:> Updating the documentation will prevent project delays during the deployment phase by allowing customers to plan their naming conventions correctly from the start. This proactive communication reduces friction, improves the overall Customer Experience (CX), and minimizes unnecessary troubleshooting tickets for our support team.> > Additional $$ from RFE: > Additional PB from RFE: > > How is the RFE Beneficial for VAST:> Reduce unexpected time for research from customer's inquiries.> > Expected Outcome from Feature deployment:> > > ---