---
type: "rob"
title: "Weekly SE community call: end-of-quarter push, Tech Summit logistics, UserCon registration drive, and SE Toolbox Port Mapper demo"
date: "2025-10-30"
rob_forum: ""
participants: ["JB", "Rob Banga", "Deandre Jackson", "Stacy", "Jeff Moeller", "Andrew Stack", "Andy Bernstein", "Tim", "Paul", "Parker", "Travis"]
source: "transcript"
source_ref: "/Users/jason.vallery/Documents/Notes/Sources/Transcripts/2026/2025-10-30 - Weekly SE community call covering end-of-quarter push, Tech Summit logistics, an.md"
tags:
  - "type/rob"
  - "rob/"
  - "generated"

---

# Weekly SE community call: end-of-quarter push, Tech Summit logistics, UserCon registration drive, and SE Toolbox Port Mapper demo

**Date**: 2025-10-30
**Forum**: [[]]
**Attendees**: JB, Rob Banga, Deandre Jackson, Stacy, Jeff Moeller, Andrew Stack, Andy Bernstein, Tim, Paul, Parker, Travis

## Summary

Weekly SE community call focused on end-of-quarter execution, Tech Summit logistics and policy reminders, and driving UserCon registrations for already-sold tickets. The call also launched the SE Toolbox series with Jeff Moeller demoing a Python GUI tool (Port Mapper) to automate switch port mapping, config generation, and Lucidchart overlays for converged or split networking designs.


## Action Items


- [?] Drive UserCon registrations for customers with sold or bundled tickets by coordinating with AEs and starting customer outreach. @TBD ğŸ“… 2025-11-08 â« #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Share a dashboard showing UserCon ticket sales and completed registrations by account so SEs can target outreach. @Rob Banga ğŸ“… 2025-11-08 â« #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Send the Tech Summit agenda email to attendees. @Deandre Jackson ğŸ“… 2025-10-30 â« #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Fix Tech Summit hotel confirmation email verbiage and ensure hotel confirmation emails are sent by Tuesday, 2025-11-04. @Deandre Jackson ğŸ“… 2025-11-04 â« #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Re-send the Tech Summit expense policy reminder to Tech Summit attendees emphasizing no reimbursement outside official events. @Stacy ğŸ“… 2025-11-08 #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Prepare and distribute sign-up sheets for the Tech Summit Sportsplex gaming night. @Deandre Jackson ğŸ“… 2025-11-08 #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Add an Arista 24-port switch profile to the Port Mapper tool. @Jeff Moeller ğŸ“… 2025-11-08 #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Establish versioning and hosting for the Port Mapper tool (for example, GitHub) to support distribution and change control. @Jeff Moeller ğŸ“… 2025-11-08 ğŸ”½ #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Schedule recurring SE Toolbox slots (1 to 2 per month) and collect submissions from SEs for future sessions. @JB ğŸ“… 2025-11-08 #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Consider scheduling an SCO session to cover the Port Mapper tool in more depth. @JB ğŸ“… 2025-11-08 ğŸ”½ #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Try the Port Mapper tool and provide feedback to Jeff Moeller on usability, missing switch profiles, and workflow gaps. @TBD ğŸ“… 2025-11-08 #task #proposed #auto

- [?] Open networking field requests whenever architecture guidance is needed (for example, converged vs split networking decisions and MLAG boundaries) instead of ad hoc designs. @TBD ğŸ“… 2025-11-08 ğŸ”½ #task #proposed #auto




## Decisions


- Launch an 'SE Toolbox' segment on the SE community call on an approximately monthly cadence (targeting 1 to 2 sessions per month).

- Set Tech Summit evening events as: Day 1 reception, Day 2 OPA tavern event, Day 3 Sportsplex gaming event with prizes.

- Enforce a strict Tech Summit expense policy: no reimbursement for spending outside official Tech Summit events.

- Assign SEs responsibility to drive UserCon attendance by converting sold or bundled tickets into completed registrations in coordination with AEs.




## Key Information


- The VAST SE community is approximately 175 people, with about 50 attending this weekly SE community call.

- VAST is in the last week of the quarter (referred to as 'end of Q3') with multiple large deals still in flight.

- Tech Summit is scheduled for approximately two weeks after 2025-10-30, and logistics are in final preparation.

- UserCon status as of 2025-10-30: 19 registrations completed, about 40 tickets sold but not yet registered, and about 100 additional tickets expected to close within a few days.

- A strict Tech Summit expense policy was reiterated: no reimbursement for spending outside official Tech Summit events.

- Tech Summit evening events were defined as: Day 1 reception, Day 2 OPA tavern event, and Day 3 Sportsplex gaming event with prizes.

- Jeff Moeller introduced 'Port Mapper', a Python-based GUI tool that automates switch port mapping, configuration generation, and Lucidchart PNG overlays for network planning.

- Port Mapper supports switch selection for NVIDIA/Mellanox, Cisco, and Arista, includes cell planning, per-rack bandwidth validation, JSON import/export, and can generate legacy install commands.

- Port Mapper handles Cisco ASIC slice balancing and Arista physical port ordering.

- Port Mapper does not support IPv6 as of 2025-10-30.

- Port Mapper auto-config generation depends on VPN connectivity to enforce the latest switch configuration templates; offline usage requires manual steps.

- SEs were reminded not to plug clients into southbound switches and to use the networking field request process for architecture and design guidance.



---

*Source: [[2025-10-30 - Weekly SE community call covering end-of-quarter push, Tech Summit logistics, an]]*