# Re: CES- Exported: 2026-01-04 18:17:40- Messages: 1---## 2025-12-21 13:20:05 — Renen Hallak <renen@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: CES> I’m going to meet the flash vendors. Can’t change the dates. No time for interviews.> > Adding the Microsoft team to arrange Jay parikh meeting.> > Renen> > On Sunday, 21 December 2025, Kirstin Bordner <kirstin.bordner@vastdata.com> wrote:> Renen/Jeff/Marianne: > > To ensure we're aligned on all things NVIDIA at CES, here's what's going on: > > NVIDIA is hosting "NVIDIA Live" at CES on January 5 starting at 1PM PT at the Fontainebleau. This is not a press conference, it's an ancillary event to CES that they are specifically hosting and is open to anyone. I registered myself today and can register you too, Renen. The embargo lifts for NVIDIA's CME announcement at 3pm PT on Jan 5, which is when all our blog/demo/press release can be announced. For this BF4/inference project, this is what we need to try and insert VAST into, not the Siemens keynote. On January 6th, Roland is having NVIDIA on stage, along with execs from Microsoft, PepsiCo and Commonwealth Fusion Systems. We should pursue a different track if we want to be included in Roland's keynote...> > @Renen Hallak Jay Parikh who is EVP for CoreAI at Microsoft is also participating in Roland's keynote. We should try and meet with him while in Vegas. > > Also Renen, you should adjust your travels into Vegas to arrive on Jan 5 rather than Jan 6. I can fly down and meet you and we'll work to get a few press interviews lined up as well, but this is very last minute so I'm not sure what we'll be able to arrange. > > Separately, NVIDIA sent to us last night two additional press releases where they would like VAST to be included: the NVIDIA Rubin press release and the Open Models press release. These will also likely be part of the special "NVIDIA Live" session that Jensen is hosting. We have a blog post that Sagi is working on together with Lior Cohen from NVIDIA that will support the Open Models press release. > > I've also attached the NVIDIA CME press release that mentions VAST. They are not asking for a quote from VAST to be included in any of these announcements, just approval of the VAST mentions. > > @Jeff Denworth once you have a chance to approve the new BF4 blog that Nicole wrote, can you please share it with me so that we can use that to draft a press release. > > Kirstin > > > On Sun, Dec 21, 2025 at 9:48 AM Renen Hallak <renen@vastdata.com> wrote:> Ack on nvidia. > > Separately - let’s get into the joint Siemens / Jensen keynote.> > Adding you to an email thread with Roland.> > Renen> > On Sunday, 21 December 2025, Marianne Budnik <marianne.budnik@vastdata.com> wrote:> Renen,> > Keeping you up to date on progress.> > First thing -- Jensen does NOT have a keynote at CES, despite the internal team referring to it. Jensen is joining the Siemens CEO onstage as part of the Siemens Day 2 CES keynote, but he does NOT have his own keynote, so there is no change to be shown "on the big stage."> > Nvidia is doing a 90 minute PRESS CONFERENCE at CES-- a closed session for media only.  Nothing from this event will be shown broadly. So we need to adjust our strategy slightly. However, our goal is still to have VAST shown as the "first/best/only" solution in the media briefing, and to amplify it online such that people everywhere see/believe it is  strongly endorsed by Jensen. > > We are working with Asaf and the Nvidia team in Israel (Idan + Ranen Carmel, Nvidia Creative Director based in TelAviv) on slides and animation.  Jeff is driving the talk track  to make sure it as strong as possible.> > If you agree, I would like to schedule a review with you and Gilad next Monday (29th) and include at least one person from the California team working on Jenen's press conference presentation.  We need Gilad and his team to feel good about what we produce and to continue advocating for this. > > Kirstin, separately, we need to work on a media strategy for CES to engage every journalist there and to insert ourselves into every story they publish about the Nvidia launch. We have NYSE and The Cube, which will be  but we want everyone. We should also consider putting out our own press release announcing "available now" that points to Asaf's demo. We will need to get it to Nvidia for review tomorrow night to try get it through approvals.> > Anything else you think we can do more aggressively?> Marianne> > > > > > > > > > ---