# Re: Early heads up - board game the week after Christmas- Exported: 2026-01-04 18:17:51- Messages: 1---## 2025-12-22 09:04:00 — Brian Bearly <pootzwacke@gmail.com>**Subject:** Re: Early heads up - board game the week after Christmas> I can make it work any day from Friday the 26th through Wednesday the 31st.> > I propose either:> >    Saturday the 27th at 1pm>       or>    Monday the 29th at 1pm> > to open negotiations.> > Which one? Or do we need to do an evening game on one of these days? > > DISCUSS> > > -B> > On Mon, Dec 22, 2025, 7:59 AM David Ellis <dtellis@gmail.com> wrote:> - Brandon> > Did we pick a date? Also I would nominate the haunting on the house on the hill as well.> > On Sat, Dec 20, 2025 at 6:06 AM Brandon & Priscilla Dodsworth <brandonandpriscilla@gmail.com> wrote:> Thanks for thinking of me but we will be going down to Texas for that week over New Years. > > -Brandon> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 6:41 PM David Ellis <dtellis@gmail.com> wrote:> Adding Jason. > > Sent from my iPhone > > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 5:27 PM Trent Stickney <trentstickney65@hotmail.com> wrote:> I am interested!> Trent> > Get Outlook for iOS> From: Brian Bearly <pootzwacke@gmail.com>> Sent: Thursday, December 18, 2025 4:36:53 PM> To: Trent Stickney <trentstickney65@hotmail.com>; Brandon & Priscilla Dodsworth <brandonandpriscilla@gmail.com>> Cc: David Ellis <dtellis@gmail.com>> Subject: Early heads up - board game the week after Christmas>  > Hey guys! > > I'm planning to do a board game session the week after Christmas at my place (a game called Nemesis that everyone tends to love).> > David is in, as well as Titus Trujillo from church.> > We don't have an exact evening/time figured out yet, but I wanted to give you an early heads up. Are you guys interested in joining us? > > Let me know and I'll get you the exact info as soon as possible. > > > -B> > > ---