# Confidential - IHDF exec session quick recap- Exported: 2026-01-04 17:25:26- Messages: 1---## 2025-12-10 14:15:30 — Erika Smith <erikars702@gmail.com>**Subject:** Confidential - IHDF exec session quick recap> Hi, we missed you today. I want to give you a quick recap of exec session, not a comment by comment rundown. Pls ping for more info if you’d like. Max and Shannon pls add/correct as well. > > -public stance: as an example, there are issues with tax exempt status and disenfranchising donors, community if we take public stands on some matters. Further, we need to discuss impact of what’s going on, so we can discuss in exec session at end of board meetings. > > Fundraising: we agree that we need to focus in on it. A fundraising committee beyond events and marketing (broader lens of development, volunteers, stewardship, etc), will be formed to dial into this area. It can have nonboard, a budget(?), etc.. We support the org on fundraising support needs. Perla needs to assess staff needs. Per some members, we have best dev in place now. > > Explore acquisition of former church in Longmont-very new idea, a day old. For sale at a low $. Not in any plan as you know. Perla will share start of a SWOT doc that I co-created. To be direct, there are downsides as much as upsides and so much to consider. Maureen (her wheelhouse), Jorin (business knowledge), Tracy (program feasibility) and Perla to look at initial feasibility and report back to Board. This is in infancy and requires a lot of consideration in many ways, so please keep confidential. It’s a listed weakness to have no plan. > > This is the skinny, again, of conversation. I know I missed angles and points so pls ping for follow up if you’d like it. > > Thanks,> Erika> ---