# Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting- Exported: 2026-01-04 18:17:56- Messages: 1---## 2025-12-21 04:42:37 — Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: VAST Data - GDC Storage RFP - Request For Meeting> David,> Thank you.> We will review and get back to you with feedback by tomorrow.> Lior> > > On Fri, Dec 19, 2025 at 8:01 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel @Jason Vallery > > Attached to this email is the document we reviewed during our meeting this morning. Please populate and let us know when you plan to submit back to us. If there are any follow up questions from your end, then please reply all on this email thread. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Just sent the cal invite. Talk then.> > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:17 PM Mallikarjun Chadalapaka <mkchad@google.com> wrote:> Thanks all, sounds great. > > We should just need 45mts to 1 hour to walk through what the GDC team has curated. I suggest we start at 8am PT if that's OK. > > Mallikarjun> > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 2:14 PM Jason Vallery <jason.vallery@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi David -> > I can meet tomorrow AM. I’m open from 7am to 9am PT. Would a time in there work?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 2:28 PM, Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> > 100%> Jason is on the email and if he can accommodate a time tomorrow let’s not wait. Please also invite me. I will join if I can. > > Jason?> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 23:15 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Is it possible to meet w/ @Jason Vallery tomorrow (Friday)? We have a document we'd like to walk your side through, something you can work on offline. > > Regards,> David> > > On Thu, Dec 18, 2025 at 12:27 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi,> I am mostly off tomorrow. Can we target Monday?> > Lior> > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 21:44 David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > Do you and your team have time this afternoon or anytime tomorrow to meet w/ us? If yes, let us know which time slots work best. A min. of one-hour would be acceptable. We want to share and discuss some questions w/ your regarding your proposed solution. > > Regards,> David> > > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:19 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> adding @Jason Vallery > More feedback inline.> > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 8:21 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel > > I don't have Jason Vallery's email address - please loop him in.> > Thanks again for the meeting yesterday. As a follow up, could you provide clarification on the following points:> > FIPS Compliance: @Kamal Vyas raised a question regarding FIPS. Could you expand on how your proposed offering meets these compliance standards?> > Pricing & Storage: Does the proposed recurring pricing include hardware (HDDs/SSDs)? If so, confirm if the solution utilizes Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs) for the SSD component.> [LG] The proposed solution does include HW pricing and that to include SSDS. We don't sell HDDs.> The HW pricing is valid for the proposal time. As Google is probably aware there is a global shortage on SSDs and the prices are expected to be higher into 2026. > I will let @Jason Vallery  take the lead on the SEDs question. > > BYOH (Bring Your Own Hardware): If we choose to provide our own hardware, do you have a list of preferred industry partners you work w/ to enable your offering? If yes, share w/ us.> [LG] > The VAST team can work with Google to certify a Google-preferred hardware partner, as this project represents a sufficiently large business upside to justify this approach.> We do already have CISCO, Dell, HPE, SuperMicro certified as eBox partners. I will check with our partners groups for the full list of global certified partners and share it back with you.> Arrow and Avnet certified as ODM partners manufacturing our C/D Box solutions. > >  > > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 9:32 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> @Lior Genzel > > Just sent the invite!> > Regards,> David> > > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 6:22 PM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> David & team,> The 15th at 2 pm PT please.> Good night,> > Lior> > On Tue, Dec 9, 2025 at 4:42 PM David Pawlak <dpawlak@google.com> wrote:> Hi @Lior Genzel @ryan.terrell@vastdata.com > > I'd like to schedule a one-hour call w/ your team to review and clarify your GDC Storage RFP proposal. Goal is to have your side walk us through your submission and the approach you took. We will prepare questions but can also address them live.> > Our availability is:> > Dec 12th @ 3:30PM-4:30PM PT> > Dec 15th @ 2PM-4PM PT> > Dec 16th @ 2:30PM-4PM PT> > Dec 18th @ 9:30AM-10:30AM or 3PM-4PM PT> > Let me know what time works best for you (as slots are quickly filling up), and I will send the meeting invite.> > Regards,> David Pawlak> > > > -- > Mallikarjun> > ---