# URGENT - New AlphaSights Project in corporate insider threat- Exported: 2026-01-04 17:24:52- Messages: 1---## 2025-12-28 23:38:59 — Olivia Bao <olivia.bao@alphasights.com>**Subject:** URGENT - New AlphaSights Project in corporate insider threat> Hi Jason,> I hope this message finds you well. This is Olivia from AlphaSights(https://www.alphasights.com/).> I’m reaching out for a new paid consultation project focused on corporate insider threat, and your profile was recommended to me by my colleague.> Specifically, they are interested in learning overall trends; teams involved in internal risk governance; future direction and Industry macro view.> If you’re open to sharing your perspective, you can book a time for a short briefing here: https://calendar.app.google/31vJT5sNBPwkGy849.> Thank you for considering this opportunity. I look forward to hearing from you.> Best regards, Olivia> Olivia Bao > > 16th Floor, China Overseas International Center Tower B, 838 S. Huangpi Road Huangpu District Shanghai 200025  上海黄浦区黄陂南路 838 号中海国际中心 B 栋 16 楼 200025 > ￼ > > ￼ > San Francisco  •  New York  •  London  •  Hamburg  •  Dubai  •  Hong Kong  •  Shanghai  •  Seoul  •  Tokyo > > View our Privacy Policy. This e-mail message is intended only for the recipient identified in the address of this message. It may contain information that is confidential, privileged or subject to legal restrictions and penalties regarding its unauthorized disclosure and use. Any unauthorized review, copying, disclosure, use or distribution is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail message in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete this message, and any attachments, from your system. > ---