# Re: Your Prospect (Microsoft) & VAST Customer Learning Portal Access- Exported: 2026-01-04 18:17:56- Messages: 1---## 2025-12-17 08:05:02 — Kristin Thompson <kristin.thompson@vastdata.com>**Subject:** Re: Your Prospect (Microsoft) & VAST Customer Learning Portal Access> Thank you, Lior-- I will keep his status as "pending approval" and wait to hear back from you.> > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 5:56 AM Lior Genzel <lior.genzel@vastdata.com> wrote:> Tiffany,> Thank you for adding me to the thread. > Trevor is the lead Microsoft tech guy who tests us for UK Met. > > I will reach out to him to learn his objectives for reaching out since they are under an engineering level PoC and not a customer yet.> Lior> > On Wed, Dec 17, 2025 at 1:00 AM Tiffany Stonehill <tiffany.stonehill@vastdata.com> wrote:> Kristin - thank you for checking in. I added @Jason Vallery and @Lior Genzel > I know we are working with Trevor however I am not sure he would need access to any portal for customers just yet.  My suggestion is that we do not allow access and maintain that boundary however I will defer to the Sr. Exec team added to this thread as they are having conversations I am not privy to. > Thanks!> > ￼> Tiffany Stonehill> Global Sales & Strategic Alliances | Microsoft Azure> > Tiffany.Stonehill@vastdata.com | 949-514-1648> >         vastdata.com > > > On Tue, Dec 16, 2025 at 2:49 PM Kristin Thompson <kristin.thompson@vastdata.com> wrote:> Hi Tiffany - I am reaching out because we just had a request for access to the VAST Customer Learning portal from someone filling out this form. Because they are a prospect I want to verify before I add them that this person should have access to our materials. I'm not sure if you are the right person to ask but maybe you can point me in the right direction? You are listed as the account owner in Salesforce for the account.>  > Here is the contact information for the person who requested access:> Trevor Cooper-Chadwick - Microsoft - Principal Consultant - trcooper@microsoft.com>  >  > -- > ￼> Kristin Thompson> Global Director Of Training & Enablement> > kristin.thompson@vastdata.com | 503-703-5380> in/kristin-schaller-thompson> vastdata.com | Chicago, IL> ---