# Re: Virtual Introduction to Jason Vallery- Exported: 2026-01-04 17:24:47- Messages: 3---## 2025-12-18 10:35:46 — Peter Imming <peterimming@gmail.com>**Subject:** Virtual Introduction to Jason Vallery> Hey Seb> > Wanted to introduce you to Jason Vallery, VP of Cloud at VAST.> > Jason was my manager at Microsoft and I wanted to get you two together to chat about new possibilities :-)> > Jason is here in Longmont and grew up in Lafayette > > I’ll let you two connect and I’ve given Jason your cell> > Sent from a tiny keyboard with typos/autocorrect.---## 2025-12-18 10:47:01 — berube.sebastien@gmail.com**Subject:** Re: Virtual Introduction to Jason Vallery> Thank you Pete! > > Great to meet you Jason. Not sure what Pete has shared, but I've been at AWS for a while now and in 2026 I am very likely to look at making a change (I don't have a timeline or a catalyst for the change).> > I'd love for us to get introduced formally. If you have time for a coffee anywhere around Boulder county in early 2026, let me know.> > > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 10:35, Peter Imming <peterimming@gmail.com> wrote:> Hey Seb> > Wanted to introduce you to Jason Vallery, VP of Cloud at VAST.> > Jason was my manager at Microsoft and I wanted to get you two together to chat about new possibilities :-)> > Jason is here in Longmont and grew up in Lafayette > > I’ll let you two connect and I’ve given Jason your cell> > Sent from a tiny keyboard with typos/autocorrect.> > > -- > Sebastien Berube> ---## 2025-12-19 14:09:25 — berube.sebastien@gmail.com**Subject:** Re: Virtual Introduction to Jason Vallery> I just sent you an invite with location at that time. Let me know if it works for you.> > On Fri, 19 Dec 2025 at 12:39, Jason Vallery <jason@vallery.net> wrote:> Thanks Pete (-BCC)> > Hi Seb -> > Let’s set a time. How about Jan 7th in Lafayette? 8am?> > -JV> > > On Dec 18, 2025, at 10:46 AM, berube.sebastien@gmail.com wrote:> > Thank you Pete! > > Great to meet you Jason. Not sure what Pete has shared, but I've been at AWS for a while now and in 2026 I am very likely to look at making a change (I don't have a timeline or a catalyst for the change).> > I'd love for us to get introduced formally. If you have time for a coffee anywhere around Boulder county in early 2026, let me know.> > > On Thu, 18 Dec 2025 at 10:35, Peter Imming <peterimming@gmail.com> wrote:> Hey Seb> > Wanted to introduce you to Jason Vallery, VP of Cloud at VAST.> > Jason was my manager at Microsoft and I wanted to get you two together to chat about new possibilities :-)> > Jason is here in Longmont and grew up in Lafayette > > I’ll let you two connect and I’ve given Jason your cell> > Sent from a tiny keyboard with typos/autocorrect.> > > -- > Sebastien Berube> > > > -- > Sebastien Berube> ---